{\rtf1\ansi\deff0{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Calibri;}}
{\*\generator Msftedit 5.41.21.2510;}\viewkind4\uc1\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\lang9\f0\fs22 Creature template\par
Contents [hide]\par
1 entry\par
2 difficulty_entry\par
3 KillCredit1\par
4 KillCredit2\par
5 modelid_1\par
6 modelid_2\par
7 modelid_3\par
8 modelid_4\par
9 name\par
10 subname\par
11 IconName\par
12 gossip_menu_id\par
13 minlevel\par
14 maxlevel\par
15 minhealth\par
16 maxhealth\par
17 minmana\par
18 maxmana\par
19 armor\par
20 faction_A\par
21 faction_H\par
22 npcflag\par
23 speed_walk\par
24 speed_run\par
25 scale\par
26 rank\par
27 mindmg\par
28 maxdmg\par
29 dmgschool\par
30 attackpower\par
31 dmg_multiplier\par
32 baseattacktime\par
33 rangeattacktime\par
34 unit_class\par
35 unit_flags\par
36 dynamicflags\par
37 family\par
38 trainer_type\par
39 trainer_spell\par
40 trainer_class\par
41 trainer_race\par
42 minrangedmg\par
43 maxrangedmg\par
44 rangedattackpower\par
45 type\par
46 type_flags\par
47 lootid\par
48 pickpocketloot\par
49 skinloot\par
50 resistance1\par
51 resistance2\par
52 resistance3\par
53 resistance4\par
54 resistance5\par
55 resistance6\par
56 spell1-4\par
57 PetSpellDataId\par
58 mingold\par
59 maxgold\par
60 AIName\par
61 MovementType\par
62 InhabitType\par
63 unk16\par
64 unk17\par
65 RacialLeader\par
66 questItem1-6\par
67 movementId\par
68 RegenHealth\par
69 equipment_id\par
70 mechanic_immune_mask\par
71 flags_extra\par
72 ScriptName\par
73 Quick Insert\par
Back to world database list of tables.\par
\par
The `creature_template` table\par
This table contains the description of creatures. Each spawned creature is an instance of a template present in this table, this means every creature MUST be defined in this table.\par
\par
Structure\par
Field\tab Type\tab Null\tab Key\tab Default\tab Extra\par
entry\tab mediumint(8) unsigned\tab NO\tab PRI\tab 0\tab\par
difficulty_entry_1\tab mediumint(8) unsigned\tab NO\tab\tab 0\tab\par
difficulty_entry_2\tab mediumint(8) unsigned\tab NO\tab\tab 0\tab\par
difficulty_entry_3\tab mediumint(8) unsigned\tab NO\tab\tab 0\tab\par
KillCredit1\tab int(11) unsigned\tab NO\tab\tab 0\tab\par
KillCredit2\tab int(11) unsigned\tab NO\tab\tab 0\tab\par
modelid_1\tab mediumint(8) unsigned\tab NO\tab\tab 0\tab\par
modelid_2\tab mediumint(8) unsigned\tab NO\tab\tab 0\tab\par
modelid_3\tab mediumint(8) unsigned\tab NO\tab\tab 0\tab\par
modelid_4\tab mediumint(8) unsigned\tab NO\tab\tab 0\tab\par
name\tab char(100)\tab NO\tab\tab 0\tab\par
subname\tab char(100)\tab YES\tab\tab None\tab\par
IconName\tab char(100)\tab YES\tab\tab\tab\par
gossip_menu_id\tab mediumint(8) unsigned\tab YES\tab\tab 0\tab\par
minlevel\tab tinyint(3) unsigned\tab YES\tab\tab 1\tab\par
maxlevel\tab tinyint(3) unsigned\tab YES\tab\tab 1\tab\par
minhealth\tab int(10) unsigned\tab YES\tab\tab 0\tab\par
maxhealth\tab int(10) unsigned\tab YES\tab\tab 0\tab\par
minmana\tab int(10) unsigned\tab YES\tab\tab 0\tab\par
maxmana\tab int(10) unsigned\tab YES\tab\tab 0\tab\par
armor\tab mediumint(8) unsigned\tab NO\tab\tab 0\tab\par
faction_A\tab smallint(5) unsigned\tab NO\tab\tab 0\tab\par
faction_H\tab smallint(5) unsigned\tab NO\tab\tab 0\tab\par
npcflag\tab int(10) unsigned\tab NO\tab\tab 0\tab\par
speed_walk\tab float\tab YES\tab\tab 1\tab\par
speed_run\tab float\tab YES\tab\tab 1\tab\par
scale\tab float\tab NO\tab\tab 0\tab\par
rank\tab tinyint(3) unsigned\tab YES\tab\tab 0\tab\par
mindmg\tab float\tab YES\tab\tab 0\tab\par
maxdmg\tab float\tab YES\tab\tab 0\tab\par
dmgschool\tab tinyint(4)\tab NO\tab\tab 0\tab\par
attackpower\tab int(10) unsigned\tab NO\tab\tab 0\tab\par
dmg_multiplier\tab float\tab NO\tab\tab 1\tab\par
baseattacktime\tab int(10) unsigned\tab YES\tab\tab 0\tab\par
rangeattacktime\tab int(10) unsigned\tab YES\tab\tab 0\tab\par
unit_class\tab tinyint(3) unsigned\tab NO\tab\tab 0\tab\par
unit_flags\tab int(10) unsigned\tab NO\tab\tab 0\tab\par
dynamicflags\tab int(10) unsigned\tab NO\tab\tab 0\tab\par
family\tab tinyint(4)\tab YES\tab\tab 0\tab\par
trainer_type\tab tinyint(4)\tab YES\tab\tab 0\tab\par
trainer_spell\tab mediumint(8) unsigned\tab YES\tab\tab 0\tab\par
trainer_class\tab tinyint(3) unsigned\tab YES\tab\tab 0\tab\par
trainer_race\tab tinyint(3) unsigned\tab YES\tab\tab 0\tab\par
minrangedmg\tab float\tab NO\tab\tab 0\tab\par
maxrangedmg\tab float\tab NO\tab\tab 0\tab\par
rangedattackpower\tab smallint(5) unsigned\tab NO\tab\tab 0\tab\par
type\tab tinyint(3) unsigned\tab NO\tab\tab 0\tab\par
type_flags\tab int(10) unsigned\tab YES\tab\tab 0\tab\par
lootid\tab mediumint(8) unsigned\tab NO\tab\tab 0\tab\par
pickpocketloot\tab mediumint(8) unsigned\tab NO\tab\tab 0\tab\par
skinloot\tab mediumint(8) unsigned\tab NO\tab\tab 0\tab\par
resistance1\tab int(10) unsigned\tab NO\tab\tab 0\tab\par
resistance2\tab smallint(5)\tab NO\tab\tab 0\tab\par
resistance3\tab smallint(5)\tab NO\tab\tab 0\tab\par
resistance4\tab smallint(5)\tab NO\tab\tab 0\tab\par
resistance5\tab smallint(5)\tab NO\tab\tab 0\tab\par
resistance6\tab smallint(5)\tab NO\tab\tab 0\tab\par
spell1\tab mediumint(8) unsigned\tab NO\tab\tab 0\tab\par
spell2\tab mediumint(8) unsigned\tab NO\tab\tab 0\tab\par
spell3\tab mediumint(8) unsigned\tab NO\tab\tab 0\tab\par
spell4\tab mediumint(8) unsigned\tab NO\tab\tab 0\tab\par
PetSpellDataId\tab mediumint(8) unsigned\tab NO\tab\tab 0\tab\par
mingold\tab mediumint(8) unsigned\tab NO\tab\tab 0\tab\par
maxgold\tab mediumint(8) unsigned\tab NO\tab\tab 0\tab\par
AIName\tab char(64)\tab NO\tab\tab\tab\par
MovementType\tab tinyint(3) unsigned\tab NO\tab\tab 0\tab\par
InhabitType\tab tinyint(3) unsigned\tab NO\tab\tab 3\tab\par
unk16\tab float\tab NO\tab\tab 1.0\tab\par
unk17\tab float\tab NO\tab\tab 1.0\tab\par
RacialLeader\tab tinyint(3) unsigned\tab NO\tab\tab 0\tab\par
questItem1\tab int(11) unsigned\tab NO\tab\tab 0\tab\par
questItem2\tab int(11) unsigned\tab NO\tab\tab 0\tab\par
questItem3\tab int(11) unsigned\tab NO\tab\tab 0\tab\par
questItem4\tab int(11) unsigned\tab NO\tab\tab 0\tab\par
questItem5\tab int(11) unsigned\tab NO\tab\tab 0\tab\par
questItem6\tab int(11) unsigned\tab NO\tab\tab 0\tab\par
movementId\tab int(11) unsigned\tab NO\tab\tab 0\tab\par
RegenHealth\tab tinyint(3) unsigned\tab NO\tab\tab 1\tab\par
equipment_id\tab mediumint(8) unsigned\tab NO\tab\tab 0\tab\par
mechanic_immune_mask\tab int(10) unsigned\tab NO\tab\tab 0\tab\par
flags_extra\tab int(10) unsigned\tab NO\tab\tab 0\tab\par
ScriptName\tab char(64)\tab NO\tab\tab\tab\par
\par
Description of the fields\par
entry\par
Creature's unique id.\par
difficulty_entry\par
If not zero, this field refers to an entry of creature_template. If a creature spawned in an instance with this difficulty-level has the template, it will get the template pointed by this field instead. difficulty_entry_1 is almost everywhere heroic _2 is maybe raid25 for some maps _3 is maybe heroic_raid25 for some maps.. but currently _2,_3 aren't realy discoveredt\par
KillCredit1\par
KillCredit2\par
Killing the creature simulates a kill for the mob-IDs in KillCredit1 and KillCredit2 for the player. Used for finishing quests, that canbe accompolished by killing different creatures, e.g. killing all wild animals in a certain region.\par
modelid_1\par
modelid_2\par
modelid_3\par
modelid_4\par
Graphical model that the client applies on this creature . This is a creature_model_info.entry\par
name\par
Base name of the creature.\par
subname\par
The subname of the creature that appears in <> below the creature's name.\par
IconName\par
Script icon used by guards with directions menu.\par
gossip_menu_id\par
The entry from gossip_menu\par
minlevel\par
The minimum level of the creature if the creature has a level range.\par
maxlevel\par
The maximum level of the creature if the creature has a level range. When added to world, a level in chosen in the specified level range.\par
minhealth\par
The minimum health of the creature if the creature has variable health.\par
maxhealth\par
The maximum health of the creature if the creature has a variable health. When added to world, the health value is chosen in proportion to the level chosen.\par
minmana\par
The miminum mana of the creature if the creature has variable mana.\par
maxmana\par
The maximum mana of the creature if the creature has variable mana. When added to world, the mana value is chosen in proportion to the level chosen.\par
armor\par
The armor value of the creature. It controls how much damage reduction the creature gets from physical attacks.\par
faction_A\par
The faction if the creature is on the alliance side. See FactionTemplate.dbc. Just because more than one faction has the same name, the inter-faction relationships can be different.\par
Note: This field also controls the creature family assistance mechanic. Only creatures with the same faction will assist each other.\par
faction_H\par
The faction if the creature is on the horde side. See FactionTemplate.dbc. Just because more than one faction has the same name, the inter-faction relationships can be different.\par
Note: This field also controls the creature family assistance mechanic. Only creatures with the same faction will assist each other.\par
npcflag\par
A bitmask that represents what NPC flags the creature has. Each bit controls a different flag and to combine flags, you can add each flag that you want, in effect activating the respective bits.\par
Bit\tab  Flag\tab  Comment\par
1\tab  Gossip\tab  If creature has more gossip options, add this flag to bring up a menu.\par
2\tab  Quest Giver\tab  Any creature giving or taking quests needs to have this flag.\par
4\tab  Not used\tab\par
8\tab  Not Used\tab\par
16\tab  Trainer\tab  Allows the creature to have a trainer list to teach spells\par
32\tab  Class Trainer\tab  Specifies the creature as class trainer\par
64\tab  Profession Trainer\tab  Specifies the creature as profession trainer\par
128\tab  Vendor\tab  Any creature selling items needs to have this flag.\par
256\tab  Vendor\tab  Not used by MaNGOS. Sells ammo. (not sure)\par
512\tab  Vendor\tab  Not used by MaNGOS. Sells food/drink. (not sure)\par
1024\tab  Vendor\tab  Not used by MaNGOS. Sells poisons. (not sure)\par
2048\tab  Vendor\tab  Not used by MaNGOS. Sells reagents. (not sure)\par
4096\tab  Repairer\tab  Creatures with this flag can repair items.\par
8192\tab  Flight Master\tab  Any creature serving as fly master has this.\par
16384\tab  Spirit Healer\tab  Makes the creature invisible to alive characters and has the resurrect function.\par
32768\tab  Spirit Guide\tab\par
65536\tab  Innkeeper\tab  Creatures with this flag can set hearthstone locations.\par
131072\tab  Banker\tab  Creatures with this flag can show the bank\par
262144\tab  Petitioner\tab\par
524288\tab  Tabard Designer\tab  Allows the designing of guild tabards.\par
1048576\tab  Battlemaster\tab  Creatures with this flag port players to battlegrounds.\par
2097152\tab  Auctioneer\tab  Allows creature to display auction list.\par
4194304\tab  Stable Master\tab  Has the option to stable pets for hunters.\par
16777216\tab  Instantloot\tab  NPC could be loot immediately without killing, just after clicking on it. More at MaNGOS forum and at Npc_spellclick_spells table\par
268435456\tab  Guard\tab  Creatures with this flag act as guards in cities.\par
So if you want an NPC that is a quest giver, a vendor, and can repair you just add the specific flags together: 1 + 2 + 128 + 4096 = 4227.\par
speed_walk\par
Controls how fast the creature can walk.\par
speed_run\par
Controls how fast the creature can run.\par
scale\par
If non-zero, this field defines the size of how the model of the creature appears ingame. If zero, it will use default model size taken from the DBC.\par
rank\par
The rank of the creature:\par
Rank\tab  Name\tab  Comments\par
0\tab  Normal\tab\par
1\tab  Elite\tab  Higher damage, more health, better loot.\par
2\tab  Rare Elite\tab  A rare mob but with elite damage and health.\par
3\tab  World Boss\tab  Highest rank, best loot, longest respawn time.\par
4\tab  Rare\tab  Somewhat better loot, longer respawn time.\par
mindmg\par
Minimum damage the creature deals in melee.\par
maxdmg\par
Maximum damage the creature deals in melee.\par
dmgschool\par
Creature's melee damage school.\par
ID\tab  Name\par
0\tab  SPELL_SCHOOL_NORMAL\par
1\tab  SPELL_SCHOOL_HOLY\par
2\tab  SPELL_SCHOOL_FIRE\par
3\tab  SPELL_SCHOOL_NATURE\par
4\tab  SPELL_SCHOOL_FROST\par
5\tab  SPELL_SCHOOL_SHADOW\par
6\tab  SPELL_SCHOOL_ARCANE\par
attackpower\par
The attack power for the creature's melee attacks. This field indicates how much dmg is possible to take off from mob, by using -ap or +ap effects.\par
dmg_multiplier\par
Used to multiply creatures damage.\par
baseattacktime\par
Creature's melee attack time in milliseconds.\par
rangeattacktime\par
Creature's ranged attack time in milliseconds.\par
unit_class\par
Creature's class. Only 4 classes are available to creatures.\par
Value\par
CLASS_WARRIOR\tab 1\par
CLASS_PALADIN\tab 2\par
CLASS_ROGUE\tab 4\par
CLASS_MAGE\tab 8\par
unit_flags\par
Allows the manual application of unit flags to creatures. Again this is a bitmask field and to apply more than one flag, just add the different numbers. Some possible flags are:\par
Flag\tab Name\tab Comments\par
1\tab UNIT_FLAG_UNK_0\tab\par
2\tab UNIT_FLAG_NON_ATTACKABLE\tab\par
4\tab UNIT_FLAG_DISABLE_MOVE\tab\par
8\tab UNIT_FLAG_PVP_ATTACKABLE\tab  (allow apply pvp rules to attackable state in addition to faction dependent state)\par
16\tab UNIT_FLAG_RENAME\tab\par
32\tab UNIT_FLAG_PREPARATION\tab  (don't take reagents for spells with SPELL_ATTR_EX5_NO_REAGENT_WHILE_PREP)\par
UNIT_FLAG_UNK_6\tab\par
128\tab UNIT_FLAG_NOT_ATTACKABLE_1\tab  (??) ((UNIT_FLAG_PVP_ATTACKABLE + UNIT_FLAG_NOT_ATTACKABLE_1) is NON_PVP_ATTACKABLE)\par
256\tab  UNIT_FLAG_OOC_NOT_ATTACKABLE\tab  (2.0.8 - Can not be attacked when not in combat. Removed if unit for some reason enter combat.)\par
512\tab  UNIT_FLAG_PASSIVE\tab  (makes unable to attack everything. Almost identical to "civilian". Will not engage in combat unless "called upon" or engaged by another unit.)\par
1024\tab  UNIT_FLAG_LOOTING\tab  (loot animation)\par
2048\tab  UNIT_FLAG_PET_IN_COMBAT\tab  (in combat?, 2.0.8)\par
4096\tab  UNIT_FLAG_PVP\tab  Allows item spells to be casted upon (?)\par
8192\tab  UNIT_FLAG_SILENCED\tab  Can't cast spells\par
16384\tab  UNIT_FLAG_UNK_14\tab  (2.0.8)\par
32768\tab  UNIT_FLAG_UNK_15\tab  (swimming?)\par
65536\tab  UNIT_FLAG_UNK_16\tab  (removes attackable icon)\par
131072\tab  UNIT_FLAG_PACIFIED\tab\par
262144\tab  UNIT_FLAG_STUNNED\tab  (stunned, 2.1.1)\par
524288\tab  UNIT_FLAG_IN_COMBAT\tab\par
1048576\tab  UNIT_FLAG_TAXI_FLIGHT\tab  (disable casting at client side spell not allowed by taxi flight (mounted?), probably used with 0x4 flag)\par
2097152\tab  UNIT_FLAG_DISARMED\tab  (disable melee spells casting..., "Required melee weapon" added to melee spells tooltip.)\par
4194304\tab  UNIT_FLAG_CONFUSED\tab\par
8388608\tab  UNIT_FLAG_FLEEING\tab\par
16777216\tab  UNIT_FLAG_PLAYER_CONTROLLED\tab  (used in spell Eyes of the Beast for pet...)\par
33554432\tab  UNIT_FLAG_NOT_SELECTABLE\tab  Can't be selected by mouse\par
67108864\tab  UNIT_FLAG_SKINNABLE\tab\par
134217728\tab  UNIT_FLAG_MOUNT\tab  (the client seems to handle it perfectly)\par
268435456\tab  UNIT_FLAG_UNK_28\tab\par
536870912\tab  UNIT_FLAG_UNK_29\tab  (used in Feing Death spell)\par
1073741824\tab  UNIT_FLAG_SHEATHE\tab\par
2147483648\tab  UNIT_FLAG_UNK_31\tab  (set skinnable icon and also changes color of portrait)\par
\par
dynamicflags\par
Flags that control visual appearance of the creature.\par
A few known flags and their use are:\par
Flag\tab Name\tab Comments\par
0\tab UNIT_DYNFLAG_NONE\tab\par
1\tab UNIT_DYNFLAG_LOOTABLE\tab\par
2\tab UNIT_DYNFLAG_TRACK_UNIT\tab\par
4\tab UNIT_DYNFLAG_TAPPED\tab Makes creatures name appear grey (good for simulating dead creatures)\par
8\tab UNIT_DYNFLAG_TAPPED_BY_PLAYER\tab\par
16\tab UNIT_DYNFLAG_SPECIALINFO\tab Shows creatures basic stats (Health, damage, resistances, tamable).\par
32\tab UNIT_DYNFLAG_DEAD\tab Makes the creature appear dead (this DOES NOT make the creatures name grey)\par
64\tab UNIT_DYNFLAG_REFER_A_FRIEND\tab\par
128\tab UNIT_DYNFLAG_TAPPED_BY_ALL_THREAT_LIST\tab\par
family\par
The family this creature belongs to. Only used if type is 1 (Beast).\par
ID\tab  Family\tab  ID\tab  Family\tab  ID\tab  Family\par
1\tab  Wolf\tab  15\tab  Doomguard\tab  29\tab  Nether Ray\par
2\tab  Cat\tab  16\tab  Scorpid\tab  30\tab  Serpent\par
3\tab  Spider\tab  17\tab  Turtle\tab  31\tab  Moth\par
4\tab  Bear\tab  18\tab  Imp\tab 32\tab Chimaera\par
5\tab  Boar\tab  19\tab  Bat\tab 33\tab Devilsaur\par
6\tab  Crocolisk\tab  20\tab  Hyena\tab  34\tab  Ghoul\par
7\tab  Carrion Bird\tab  21\tab  Bird of Prey\tab 35\tab Silithid\par
8\tab  Crab\tab  22\tab  Wind Serpent\tab 36\tab Worm\par
9\tab  Gorilla\tab  23\tab  Remote Control\tab 37\tab Rhino\par
10\tab  Raptor\tab  24\tab  Felguard\tab  38\tab  Wasp\par
11\tab  Tallstrider\tab  25\tab  Dragonhawk\tab 39\tab Core Hound\par
12\tab  Felhunter\tab  26\tab  Ravager\tab 40\tab Spirit Beast\par
13\tab  Voidwalker\tab  27\tab  Warp Stalker\par
14\tab  Succubus\tab  28\tab  Sporebat\par
If you want to select only the exotic pets, there is the list: 32, 33, 35, 36, 37, 39, 40 [exotic ones are highlighted in the table]\par
trainer_type\par
If the NPC is a trainer (has the trainer flag), then this field controls what kind of trainer it is. Both this field and the related field must be filled in for a trainer to work correctly.\par
ID\tab  Type\tab  Related Field\tab  Comments\par
0\tab  TRAINER_TYPE_CLASS\tab class\tab  Trains class spells\par
1\tab  TRAINER_TYPE_MOUNTS\tab race\tab  Trains riding skill\par
2\tab  TRAINER_TYPE_TRADESKILLS\tab trainer_spell\tab  Trains professions\par
3\tab  TRAINER_TYPE_PETS\tab class\tab  Trains pet skills\par
trainer_spell\par
If the NPC is a trainer that teaches professions (trainer_type == 2), then the player must already know the spell ID specified here to be able to talk to this NPC.\par
trainer_class\par
If the NPC is a class trainer or a pet trainer (trainer_type == 0 or 3), then the player's class must be the same as the value specified here to talk to this trainer. For pet trainers, this value must be 3 (hunter). See character.class\par
trainer_race\par
If the NPC is a mount trainer (trainer_type == 1), then the player's race must be the same as the value specified here to talk to this trainer. See character.race\par
minrangedmg\par
Minimum ranged damage the creature inflicts.\par
maxrangedmg\par
Maximum range damage the creature inflicts.\par
rangedattackpower\par
type\par
The type of the creature.\par
ID\tab  Type\par
0\tab  None\par
1\tab  Beast\par
2\tab  Dragonkin\par
3\tab  Demon\par
4\tab  Elemental\par
5\tab  Giant\par
6\tab  Undead\par
7\tab  Humanoid\par
8\tab  Critter\par
9\tab  Mechanical\par
10\tab  Not specified\par
11\tab  Totem\par
12\tab  Non-combat Pet\par
13\tab  Gas Cloud\par
type_flags\par
This field can control whether a mob is minable or herbable. If it is either of those two, then the loot given when it is skinned/mined will be stored in the skinning_loot_template table. Aside from those two flags, field has no special meaning on the serverside. It will be send to the client in SMSG_CREATURE_QUERY_RESPONSE\par
Some values provided from the community:\par
Flag\tab Name\tab Comments\par
1\tab\tab Makes the mob tameable (must also be a beast and have family set)\par
2\tab UNIT_FLAG_NOT_ATTACKABLE\tab\par
8\tab UNIT_FLAG_ATTACKABLE\tab\par
128\tab UNIT_FLAG_NOT_ATTACKABLE_1\tab\par
136\tab UNIT_FLAG_NON_PVP_PLAYER\tab\par
256\tab\tab Makes mob herbable\par
512\tab\tab Makes mob minable\par
1024\tab UNIT_FLAG_ANIMATION_FROZEN\tab\par
4096\tab UNIT_FLAG_WAR_PLAYER\tab\par
lootid\par
The ID of the loot template ID that this creature should use to generate loots. See creature_loot_template.entry\par
pickpocketloot\par
The ID of the pickpocketing loot template that this creature should use to generate pickpocketing loots. See pickpocketing_loot_template.entry\par
skinloot\par
The ID of the skinning loot template that this creature should use to generate skinning loots. See skinning_loot_template.entry\par
resistance1\par
Holy resistance.\par
resistance2\par
Fire resistance.\par
resistance3\par
Nature resistance.\par
resistance4\par
Frost resistance.\par
resistance5\par
Shadow resistance.\par
resistance6\par
Arcane resistance.\par
spell1-4\par
Spell ID that are available to the creature.\par
At this time, these fields are used by core only to populate pet spells if PetSpellDataId is 0\par
PetSpellDataId\par
ID linked to CreatureSpellData.dbc 1st column. This dbc contains pet spells (habilities).\par
mingold\par
Minimum money that the creature drops when killed, in copper.\par
maxgold\par
Maximum money that the creature drops when killed, in copper.\par
AIName\par
Overrides AI used for the creature.\par
Name\tab  Description\par
NullAI\tab  Empty AI, creature does nothing.\par
AggressorAI\tab  Creature attacks as soon as something is in aggro range.\par
ReactorAI\tab  Creature attacks only if aggroed by attack, spell etc.\par
GuardAI\tab\par
PetAI\tab  Creature is a pet.\par
TotemAI\tab  Creature casts spell from field spell1, otherwise like NullAI.\par
EventAI\tab  Creature uses event based AI.\par
MovementType\par
The creature's default movement type.\par
ID\tab  Type\par
0\tab  Idle; stay in one place\par
1\tab  Random movement inside the spawndist radius\par
2\tab  Waypoint movement\par
InhabitType\par
Controls where the creature can move and attack.\par
ID\tab  Type\par
1\tab  Ground only\par
2\tab  Water only\par
3\tab  Both ground and water\par
4\tab  Flying\par
unk16\par
Float values with unknown meaning. Values are from WDB Files.\par
unk17\par
Float values with unknown meaning. Values are from WDB Files.\par
RacialLeader\par
A flag indicating wheather the creature is a racial leader. Killing racial leaders grants 100 honor.\par
questItem1-6\par
Contains an item entry.\par
movementId\par
Movement ID from CreatureMovementInfo.dbc\par
RegenHealth\par
Boolean 1 or 0 controlling if the creature should regenerate its health or not.\par
equipment_id\par
The default ID of the equipment that this creature should display. See creature_equip_template.entry\par
mechanic_immune_mask\par
This makes the creature immune to specific spell natures. See Spell.dbc at row effect_X_mechanic_id.\par
Uses references from SpellMechanic.dbc.\par
Bit\tab  Type\tab  Bit\tab  Type\par
1\tab  MECHANIC_CHARM\tab  32768\tab  MECHANIC_BANDAGE\par
2\tab  MECHANIC_CONFUSED\tab  65536\tab  MECHANIC_POLYMORPH\par
4\tab  MECHANIC_DISARM\tab  131072\tab  MECHANIC_BANISH\par
8\tab  MECHANIC_DISTRACT\tab  262144\tab  MECHANIC_SHIELD\par
16\tab  MECHANIC_FEAR\tab  524288\tab  MECHANIC_SHACKLE\par
32\tab  MECHANIC_FUMBLE\tab  1048576\tab  MECHANIC_MOUNT\par
64\tab  MECHANIC_ROOT\tab  2097152\tab  MECHANIC_PERSUADE\par
128\tab  MECHANIC_PACIFY\tab  4194304\tab  MECHANIC_TURN\par
256\tab  MECHANIC_SILENCE\tab  8388608\tab  MECHANIC_HORROR\par
512\tab  MECHANIC_SLEEP\tab  16777216\tab  MECHANIC_INVULNERABILITY\par
1024\tab  MECHANIC_SNARE\tab  33554432\tab  MECHANIC_INTERRUPT\par
2048\tab  MECHANIC_STUN\tab  67108864\tab  MECHANIC_DAZE\par
4096\tab  MECHANIC_FREEZE\tab  134217728\tab  MECHANIC_DISCOVERY\par
8192\tab  MECHANIC_KNOCKOUT\tab  268435456\tab  MECHANIC_IMMUNE_SHIELD\par
16384\tab  MECHANIC_BLEED\tab  536870912\tab  MECHANIC_SAPPED\par
To combine immunities just add values. Immune to everything corresponds to the value 1073741823.\par
flags_extra\par
These flags control certain creature specific attributes.\par
Bit\tab  Name\tab  Description\par
1\tab  CREATURE_FLAG_EXTRA_INSTANCE_BIND\tab  Bounds killer's party to the instance they are in\par
2\tab  CREATURE_FLAG_EXTRA_CIVILIAN\tab  Makes creature ignore aggro\par
4\tab  CREATURE_FLAG_EXTRA_NO_PARRY\tab  Prohibits creature from parrying\par
8\tab  CREATURE_FLAG_EXTRA_NO_PARRY_HASTEN\tab  Creatures parries do not speed up its next attack\par
16\tab  CREATURE_FLAG_EXTRA_NO_BLOCK\tab  Prohibits creature from blocking\par
32\tab  CREATURE_FLAG_EXTRA_NO_CRUSH\tab  Prohibits creature from dealing crushing blows\par
64\tab  CREATURE_FLAG_EXTRA_NO_XP_AT_KILL\tab  Makes creature reward no XP at kill\par
128\tab  CREATURE_FLAG_EXTRA_INVISIBLE\tab  Makes creature invisible for player. Use this for triggers etc.\par
256\tab  CREATURE_FLAG_EXTRA_NO_TAUNT\tab  Makes creature immune to taunt.\par
512\tab  CREATURE_FLAG_EXTRA_AGGRO_ZONE\tab  Makes creature attack all players in the zone when aggroing a player/ pet\par
ScriptName\par
The name of the script that this creature uses, if any. This ties a script from a scripting engine to this creature.\par
\par
Quick Insert\par
The SQL insert request :\par
INSERT INTO creature_template(entry, heroic_entry, KillCredit1, KillCredit2, modelid_A, modelid_A2, modelid_H, modelid_H2, name, subname, IconName, minlevel, maxlevel, minhealth, maxhealth, minmana, maxmana, armor, faction_A, faction_H, npcflag, speed, scale, rank, mindmg, maxdmg, dmgschool, attackpower, dmg_multiplier, baseattacktime, rangeattacktime, unit_class, unit_flags, dynamicflags, family, trainer_type, trainer_spell, trainer_class, trainer_race, minrangedmg, maxrangedmg, rangedattackpower, type, type_flags, lootid, pickpocketloot, skinloot, resistance1, resistance2, resistance3, resistance4, resistance5, resistance6, spell1, spell2, spell3, spell4, PetSpellDataId, mingold, maxgold, AIName, MovementType, InhabitType, unk16, unk17, RacialLeader, questItem1, questItem2, questItem3, questItem4, movementId, RegenHealth, equipment_id, mechanic_immune_mask, flags_extra, ScriptName) VALUES ('0', '0', '0', '0', '0', '0', '0', '0', '0', 'None', '','1', '1', '0', '0', '0', '0', '0', '0', '0', '0', '1', '0', '0', '0', '0', '0', '0', '1', '0', '0', '0', '0', '0', '0', '0', '0', '0', '0', '0', '0', '0', '0', '0', '0', '0', '0', '0', '0', '0', '0', '0', '0', '0', '0', '0', '0', '0', '0', '0', '','0', '3', '1.0', '1.0', '0', '0', '0', '0', '0', '0', '1', '0', '0', '0', '');\par
}
 