{\rtf1\ansi\deff0{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Calibri;}}
{\*\generator Msftedit 5.41.21.2510;}\viewkind4\uc1\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\lang9\f0\fs22 Scripts table\par
Contents [hide]\par
1 id\par
2 delay\par
3 command\par
4 OtherFields\par
Back to world database list of tables.\par
\par
The `*_scripts` table\par
This table format is used for 5 different tables to control possible scripts activated by different actions:\par
gameobject_scripts: Holds possible scripts activated by gameobjects of type GAMEOBJECT_TYPE_BUTTON (1).\par
spell_scripts: Holds scripts that can be activated by spells with effect SPELL_EFFECT_SCRIPT_EFFECT (77).\par
quest_start_scripts: Holds scripts activated when a player accepts a quest.\par
quest_end_scripts: Holds scripts activated when a player finishes a quest.\par
creature_movement_scripts: Holds scripts activated while a npc is moving.\par
event_scripts: Holds scripts activated whenever an event is activated, be it by an object or as the spell effect\par
SPELL_EFFECT_SEND_EVENT (61).\par
NOTE:An entry in this table may have more than one row as a script may domore than just one action. Also each action the script may make canhave a separate delay attached to it. In that case, the core willactivate the appropriate action after the correct delay.\par
Structure\par
Field\tab Type\tab Null\tab Key\tab Default\tab Extra\par
id\tab int(11) unsigned\tab NO\tab\tab 0\tab\par
delay\tab int(11) unsigned\tab NO\tab\tab 0\tab\par
command\tab mediumint(8) unsigned\tab NO\tab\tab 0\tab\par
datalong\tab mediumint(8) unsigned\tab NO\tab\tab 0\tab\par
datalong2\tab int(10) unsigned\tab NO\tab\tab 0\tab\par
datalong3\tab int(10) unsigned\tab NO\tab\tab 0\tab\par
datalong4\tab int(10) unsigned\tab NO\tab\tab 0\tab\par
data_flags\tab tinyint(3) unsigned\tab NO\tab\tab 0\tab\par
dataint\tab int(11)\tab NO\tab\tab 0\tab\par
x\tab float\tab NO\tab\tab 0\tab\par
y\tab float\tab NO\tab\tab 0\tab\par
z\tab float\tab NO\tab\tab 0\tab\par
o\tab float\tab NO\tab\tab 0\tab\par
Description of the fields\par
id\par
For gameobject_scripts, it is the guid of the button/lever. See gameobject.guid.\par
For spell_scripts, it is the spell ID. See Spell.dbc\par
For quest_*_scripts, it is the ID that is used inStartScript orCompleteScript in the quest templatedefinition.\par
For creature_movement_scripts, itis the ID used increature_movement.script_id.\par
For event_scripts, it is the event ID. There doesn't exist currentlya full list of events. In any case, the event IDs are taken directlyfrom gameobject WDB data or spell effect data. If both a gameobject anda spell activate the same event, the IDs will match.\par
delay\par
Delay in seconds before this current step of the script activates. 0 = instant.\par
command\par
Thetype of action performed by the script after delay secondshave passed. The value of this field affects what other fields alsoneed to be set.\par
Command\tab  Name\tab  Description\par
0\tab  TALK\tab  Creature say/whisper/yell/textemote.\par
1\tab  EMOTE\tab  Play emote on creature.\par
2\tab  FIELD_SET\tab  Change the value at an index for the unit.\par
3\tab  MOVE_TO\tab  Relocate creature to a destination\par
4\tab  FLAG_SET\tab  Turns on bits on a flag field at an index for the worldobject.\par
5\tab  FLAG_REMOVE\tab  Turns off bits on a flag field at an index for the worldobject.\par
6\tab  TELEPORT_TO\tab  Teleports the player to a location.\par
7\tab  QUEST_EXPLORED\tab  Satisfies the explore requirement for a quest.\par
8\tab  KILL_CREDIT\tab  Satisfies the kill credit requirement for a quest.\par
9\tab  RESPAWN_GAMEOBJECT\tab  Spawns a despawned gameobject.\par
10\tab  TEMP_SUMMON_CREATURE\tab  Temporarily summon a creature.\par
11\tab  OPEN_DOOR\tab  Opens a door gameobject (type == 0).\par
12\tab  CLOSE_DOOR\tab  Closes a door gameobject (type == 0).\par
13\tab  ACTIVATE_OBJECT\tab  Activates an object.\par
14\tab  REMOVE_AURA\tab  Removes an aura due to a spell.\par
15\tab  CAST_SPELL\tab  Casts a spell.\par
16\tab  PLAY_SOUND\tab  Plays a sound.\par
17\tab  CREATE_ITEM\tab  Creates an item.\par
18\tab  DESPAWN_SELF\tab  Despawns an npc with some delay.\par
19\tab  PLAY_MOVIE\tab  Plays a movie.\par
20\tab  MOVEMENT\tab  Change Movement of a creature.\par
21\tab  SET_ACTIVEOBJECT\tab  Sets the active object state of the creature\par
22\tab  SET_FACTION\tab  Sets the faction id from the creature.\par
23\tab  MORPH_TO_ENTRY_OR_MODEL\tab  Morphs the creature to the model specified.\par
24\tab  MOUNT_TO_ENTRY_OR_MODEL\tab  Mounts the creature with the model specified.\par
25\tab  SET_RUN\tab  Changes the run capacity of the creature.\par
\par
OtherFields\par
Depending on what command was used, the meaning and use for the following fields varies.\par
SCRIPT_COMMAND_TALK = 0\par
datalong: 0=say, 1=yell, 2=text emote, 3=boss emote, 4=whisper, 5=boss whisper, 6=zone yell (see "enum ChatType")\par
datalong2: creature entry (searching for a buddy, closest to source)\par
datalong3 : creature search radius\par
data_flags:\par
flag\tab  value\par
flag_target_player_as_source\tab  0x01\par
flag_original_source_as_target\tab  0x02\par
flag_buddy_as_target\tab  0x04\par
dataint: The text ID that the creature will say. See db_script_string. ID must be between 2000000000 and 2000010000.\par
dataint2: Optionally, for random selection of text.\par
dataint3: Optionally, for random selection of text.\par
dataint4: Optionally, for random selection of text.\par
\par
SCRIPT_COMMAND_EMOTE = 1\par
datalong: The emote ID to play.\par
datalong2: creature entry.\par
datalong3: creature search radius.\par
\par
SCRIPT_COMMAND_FIELD_SET = 2\par
datalong: Index of the field.\par
datalong2: Value to place at the index.\par
\par
SCRIPT_COMMAND_MOVE_TO = 3\par
datalong2: Length of the motion.\par
x: X position to move to.\par
y: Y position to move to.\par
z: Z position to move to.\par
o: Orientation to face.\par
\par
SCRIPT_COMMAND_FLAG_SET = 4\par
datalong: Field index to be set.\par
datalong2: Flag bit(s) to set.\par
\par
SCRIPT_COMMAND_FLAG_REMOVE = 5\par
datalong: Field index to be unset.\par
datalong2: Flag bit(s) to unset.\par
\par
SCRIPT_COMMAND_TELEPORT_TO = 6\par
datalong: Target Map ID. See Maps.dbc\par
x: Teleport target x coordinate.\par
y: Teleport target y coordinate.\par
z: Teleport target z coordinate.\par
o: Teleport target orientation.\par
\par
SCRIPT_COMMAND_QUEST_EXPLORED = 7\par
datalong: Quest ID whose external status should be satisfied\par
datalong2: Distance away from the NPC/object that the player can be and have the script still take effect\par
\par
SCRIPT_COMMAND_KILL_CREDIT = 8\par
datalong: Kill credit entry for quest (entry in quest_template.ReqCreatureOrGOId)\par
datalong2: 0=personal credit, 1=group credit\par
\par
SCRIPT_COMMAND_RESPAWN_GAMEOBJECT = 9\par
datalong: Guid of the gameobject to respawn. See gameobject.guid.\par
datalong2: Despawn time in seconds. If the value is < 5 seconds: 5 is used instead.\par
SCRIPT_COMMAND_TEMP_SUMMON_CREATURE = 10\par
datalong: Entry of the summoned creature from creature_template.entry.\par
datalong2: Despawn time in ms.\par
x: Summon target x coordinate.\par
y: Summon target y coordinate.\par
z: Summon target z coordinate.\par
o: Summon target orientation.\par
data_flags: 0x01 = Summon as active Object.\par
\par
SCRIPT_COMMAND_OPEN_DOOR = 11\par
datalong: Guid of the activated door. It's a gameobject.guid.\par
datalong2: Delay before closing again the door. If the value is < 5 seconds: 5 is used instead.\par
\par
SCRIPT_COMMAND_CLOSE_DOOR = 12\par
datalong: Guid of the activated door. It's a gameobject.guid.\par
datalong2: Delay before opening again the door. If the value is < 5 seconds: 5 is used instead.\par
\par
SCRIPT_COMMAND_ACTIVATE_OBJECT = 13\par
The source must be a unit and the target a game object.\par
\par
SCRIPT_COMMAND_REMOVE_AURA = 14\par
datalong: Spell ID.\par
datalong2: If value > 0, then cast on the source; otherwise cast on the target.\par
SCRIPT_COMMAND_CAST_SPELL = 15\par
datalong: Spell ID.\par
datalong2: If value > 0, then cast on the source; otherwise cast on the target.\par
\par
SCRIPT_COMMAND_PLAY_SOUND = 16\par
datalong: Sound ID.\par
datalong2: bitmask: 0/1=anyone/target, 0/2=with distance dependent, so1|2 = 3 is target with distance dependent. Side note: Source may beany object/npc. Target may be any player.\par
\par
SCRIPT_COMMAND_CREATE_ITEM = 17\par
datalong: item entry.\par
datalong2: amount. Side note: Source or target have to be a player.\par
\par
SCRIPT_COMMAND_DESPAWN_SELF = 18\par
datalong: despawn delay. Side note: Source or target must be creature.\par
\par
SCRIPT_COMMAND_PLAY_MOVIE = 19\par
datalong: Movie ID. Side note: Target or Source must be player.\par
\par
SCRIPT_COMMAND_MOVEMENT = 20\par
datalong: Movement Type: 0 - Idle Movement, 1 - Random Movement, 2 - Waypoint Movement (Creature must have a valid path)\par
datalong2: Entry of Creature in range datalong3\par
default: Source or Target must be Creature.\par
\par
SCRIPT_COMMAND_SET_ACTIVEOBJECT = 21\par
datalong: bool, 0=off, 1=on\par
datalong2: Entry of Creature\par
datalong3: search radius for creature entry\par
Note: source = any, target = creature\par
\par
SCRIPT_COMMAND_SET_FACTION = 22\par
datalong: faction ID\par
datalong2: Entry of Creature\par
datalong3: search radius for creature entry\par
Note: source = any, target = creature\par
\par
SCRIPT_COMMAND_MORPH_TO_ENTRY_OR_MODEL = 23\par
datalong: creature entry OR modelid (depends on data_flags). 0 = demorph\par
datalong2: Entry of Creature\par
datalong3: search radius for creature entry\par
data_flags: 0=morphs using the modelid from the creature entry in datalong, 1 = morphs using direct modelid from datalong\par
Note: source = any, target = creature\par
\par
SCRIPT_COMMAND_MOUNT_TO_ENTRY_OR_MODEL = 24\par
datalong: creature entry OR modelid (depends on data_flags). 0 = unmount\par
datalong2: Entry of Creature\par
datalong3: search radius for creature entry\par
data_flags: 0=mounts using the modelid from the creature entry in datalong, 1 = mounts using direct modelid from datalong\par
Note: source = any, target = creature\par
\par
SCRIPT_COMMAND_SET_RUN = 25\par
datalong: bool, 0=can't run (walk), 1=can run\par
datalong2: Entry of Creature\par
datalong3: search radius for creature entry\par
Note: source = any, target = creature\par
}
 