{\rtf1\ansi\deff0{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Calibri;}}
{\*\generator Msftedit 5.41.21.2510;}\viewkind4\uc1\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\lang9\f0\fs22 Item template\par
Contents [hide]\par
1 entry\par
2 class\par
3 subclass\par
4 unk0\par
5 name\par
6 displayid\par
7 Quality\par
8 Flags\par
9 BuyCount\par
10 BuyPrice\par
11 SellPrice\par
12 InventoryType\par
13 AllowableClass\par
14 AllowableRace\par
15 ItemLevel\par
16 RequiredLevel\par
17 RequiredSkill\par
18 RequiredSkillRank\par
19 requiredspell\par
20 requiredhonorrank\par
21 RequiredCityRank\par
22 RequiredReputationFaction\par
23 RequiredReputationRank\par
24 maxcount\par
25 stackable\par
26 ContainerSlots\par
27 StatsCount\par
28 stat_type\par
29 stat_value\par
30 dmg_min\par
31 dmg_max\par
32 dmg_type\par
33 armor\par
34 holy_res\par
35 fire_res\par
36 nature_res\par
37 frost_res\par
38 shadow_res\par
39 arcane_res\par
40 delay\par
41 ammo_type\par
42 RangedModRange\par
43 spellid\par
44 spelltrigger\par
45 spellcharges\par
46 spellppmRate\par
47 spellcooldown\par
48 spellcategory\par
49 spellcategorycooldown\par
50 bonding\par
51 description\par
52 PageText\par
53 LanguageID\par
54 PageMaterial\par
55 startquest\par
56 lockid\par
57 Material\par
58 sheath\par
59 RandomProperty\par
60 RandomSuffix\par
61 block\par
62 itemset\par
63 MaxDurability\par
64 area\par
65 Map\par
66 BagFamily\par
67 TotemCategory\par
68 socketColor\par
69 socketContent\par
70 socketBonus\par
71 GemProperties\par
72 RequiredDisenchantSkill\par
73 ArmorDamageModifier\par
74 Duration\par
75 ItemLimitCategory\par
76 ScriptName\par
77 DisenchantID\par
78 FoodType\par
79 minMoneyLoot\par
80 maxMoneyLoot\par
Back to world database list of tables.\par
\par
The `item_template` table\par
Holds information on every item that exists in the game. All items are created from their template stored in this table.\par
\par
Structure\par
Field\tab Type\tab Null\tab Key\tab Default\tab Extra\par
entry\tab int(10) unsigned\tab NO\tab PRI\tab 0\tab\par
class\tab tinyint(3) unsigned\tab NO\tab\tab 0\tab\par
subclass\tab tinyint(3) unsigned\tab NO\tab\tab 0\tab\par
unk0\tab int(10)\tab NO\tab\tab -1\tab\par
name\tab varchar(255)\tab NO\tab MUL\tab\tab\par
displayid\tab int(10) unsigned\tab NO\tab\tab 0\tab\par
Quality\tab tinyint(3) unsigned\tab NO\tab\tab 0\tab\par
Flags\tab int(10) unsigned\tab NO\tab\tab 0\tab\par
BuyCount\tab tinyint(3) unsigned\tab NO\tab\tab 1\tab\par
BuyPrice\tab int(10) unsigned\tab NO\tab\tab 0\tab\par
SellPrice\tab int(10) unsigned\tab NO\tab\tab 0\tab\par
InventoryType\tab tinyint(3) unsigned\tab NO\tab\tab 0\tab\par
AllowableClass\tab mediumint(9)\tab NO\tab\tab -1\tab\par
AllowableRace\tab mediumint(9)\tab NO\tab\tab -1\tab\par
ItemLevel\tab int(11) unsigned\tab NO\tab\tab 0\tab\par
RequiredLevel\tab tinyint(3) unsigned\tab NO\tab\tab 0\tab\par
RequiredSkill\tab int(10) unsigned\tab NO\tab\tab 0\tab\par
RequiredSkillRank\tab int(10) unsigned\tab NO\tab\tab 0\tab\par
requiredspell\tab int(10) unsigned\tab NO\tab\tab 0\tab\par
requiredhonorrank\tab int(10) unsigned\tab NO\tab\tab 0\tab\par
RequiredCityRank\tab int(10) unsigned\tab NO\tab\tab 0\tab\par
RequiredReputationFaction\tab int(10) unsigned\tab NO\tab\tab 0\tab\par
RequiredReputationRank\tab int(10) unsigned\tab NO\tab\tab 0\tab\par
maxcount\tab smallint(5) unsigned\tab NO\tab\tab 0\tab\par
stackable\tab smallint(5) unsigned\tab NO\tab\tab 0\tab\par
ContainerSlots\tab tinyint(3) unsigned\tab NO\tab\tab 0\tab\par
StatsCount\tab tinyint(3) unsigned\tab NO\tab\tab 0\tab\par
stat_type1\tab tinyint(3) unsigned\tab NO\tab\tab 0\tab\par
stat_value1\tab smallint(6)\tab NO\tab\tab 0\tab\par
stat_type2\tab tinyint(3) unsigned\tab NO\tab\tab 0\tab\par
stat_value2\tab smallint(6)\tab NO\tab\tab 0\tab\par
stat_type3\tab tinyint(3) unsigned\tab NO\tab\tab 0\tab\par
stat_value3\tab smallint(6)\tab NO\tab\tab 0\tab\par
stat_type4\tab tinyint(3) unsigned\tab NO\tab\tab 0\tab\par
stat_value4\tab smallint(6)\tab NO\tab\tab 0\tab\par
stat_type5\tab tinyint(3) unsigned\tab NO\tab\tab 0\tab\par
stat_value5\tab smallint(6)\tab NO\tab\tab 0\tab\par
stat_type6\tab tinyint(3) unsigned\tab NO\tab\tab 0\tab\par
stat_value6\tab smallint(6)\tab NO\tab\tab 0\tab\par
stat_type7\tab tinyint(3) unsigned\tab NO\tab\tab 0\tab\par
stat_value7\tab smallint(6)\tab NO\tab\tab 0\tab\par
stat_type8\tab tinyint(3) unsigned\tab NO\tab\tab 0\tab\par
stat_value8\tab smallint(6)\tab NO\tab\tab 0\tab\par
stat_type9\tab tinyint(3) unsigned\tab NO\tab\tab 0\tab\par
stat_value9\tab smallint(6)\tab NO\tab\tab 0\tab\par
stat_type10\tab tinyint(3) unsigned\tab NO\tab\tab 0\tab\par
stat_value10\tab smallint(6)\tab NO\tab\tab 0\tab\par
ScalingStatDistribution\tab smallint(6)\tab NO\tab\tab 0\tab\par
ScalingStatValue\tab smallint(6)\tab NO\tab\tab 0\tab\par
dmg_min1\tab float\tab NO\tab\tab 0\tab\par
dmg_max1\tab float\tab NO\tab\tab 0\tab\par
dmg_type1\tab tinyint(3) unsigned\tab NO\tab\tab 0\tab\par
dmg_min2\tab float\tab NO\tab\tab 0\tab\par
dmg_max2\tab float\tab NO\tab\tab 0\tab\par
dmg_type2\tab tinyint(3) unsigned\tab NO\tab\tab 0\tab\par
dmg_min3\tab float\tab NO\tab\tab 0\tab\par
dmg_max3\tab float\tab NO\tab\tab 0\tab\par
dmg_type3\tab tinyint(3) unsigned\tab NO\tab\tab 0\tab\par
dmg_min4\tab float\tab NO\tab\tab 0\tab\par
dmg_max4\tab float\tab NO\tab\tab 0\tab\par
dmg_type4\tab tinyint(3) unsigned\tab NO\tab\tab 0\tab\par
dmg_min5\tab float\tab NO\tab\tab 0\tab\par
dmg_max5\tab float\tab NO\tab\tab 0\tab\par
dmg_type5\tab tinyint(3) unsigned\tab NO\tab\tab 0\tab\par
armor\tab int(10) unsigned\tab NO\tab\tab 0\tab\par
holy_res\tab int(10) unsigned\tab NO\tab\tab 0\tab\par
fire_res\tab int(10) unsigned\tab NO\tab\tab 0\tab\par
nature_res\tab int(10) unsigned\tab NO\tab\tab 0\tab\par
frost_res\tab int(10) unsigned\tab NO\tab\tab 0\tab\par
shadow_res\tab int(10) unsigned\tab NO\tab\tab 0\tab\par
arcane_res\tab int(10) unsigned\tab NO\tab\tab 0\tab\par
delay\tab int(10) unsigned\tab NO\tab\tab 1000\tab\par
ammo_type\tab int(10) unsigned\tab NO\tab\tab 0\tab\par
RangedModRange\tab float\tab NO\tab\tab 0\tab\par
spellid_1\tab int(10) unsigned\tab NO\tab\tab 0\tab\par
spelltrigger_1\tab int(10) unsigned\tab NO\tab\tab 0\tab\par
spellcharges_1\tab int(11)\tab NO\tab\tab 0\tab\par
spellppmRate_1\tab float\tab NO\tab\tab 0\tab\par
spellcooldown_1\tab int(11)\tab NO\tab\tab -1\tab\par
spellcategory_1\tab int(10) unsigned\tab NO\tab\tab 0\tab\par
spellcategorycooldown_1\tab int(11)\tab NO\tab\tab -1\tab\par
spellid_2\tab int(10) unsigned\tab NO\tab\tab 0\tab\par
spelltrigger_2\tab int(10) unsigned\tab NO\tab\tab 0\tab\par
spellcharges_2\tab int(11)\tab NO\tab\tab 0\tab\par
spellppmRate_2\tab float\tab NO\tab\tab 0\tab\par
spellcooldown_2\tab int(11)\tab NO\tab\tab -1\tab\par
spellcategory_2\tab int(10) unsigned\tab NO\tab\tab 0\tab\par
spellcategorycooldown_2\tab int(11)\tab NO\tab\tab -1\tab\par
spellid_3\tab int(10) unsigned\tab NO\tab\tab 0\tab\par
spelltrigger_3\tab int(10) unsigned\tab NO\tab\tab 0\tab\par
spellcharges_3\tab int(11)\tab NO\tab\tab 0\tab\par
spellppmRate_3\tab float\tab NO\tab\tab 0\tab\par
spellcooldown_3\tab int(11)\tab NO\tab\tab -1\tab\par
spellcategory_3\tab int(10) unsigned\tab NO\tab\tab 0\tab\par
spellcategorycooldown_3\tab int(11)\tab NO\tab\tab -1\tab\par
spellid_4\tab int(10) unsigned\tab NO\tab\tab 0\tab\par
spelltrigger_4\tab int(10) unsigned\tab NO\tab\tab 0\tab\par
spellcharges_4\tab int(11)\tab NO\tab\tab 0\tab\par
spellppmRate_4\tab float\tab NO\tab\tab 0\tab\par
spellcooldown_4\tab int(11)\tab NO\tab\tab -1\tab\par
spellcategory_4\tab int(10) unsigned\tab NO\tab\tab 0\tab\par
spellcategorycooldown_4\tab int(11)\tab NO\tab\tab -1\tab\par
spellid_5\tab int(10) unsigned\tab NO\tab\tab 0\tab\par
spelltrigger_5\tab int(10) unsigned\tab NO\tab\tab 0\tab\par
spellcharges_5\tab int(11)\tab NO\tab\tab 0\tab\par
spellppmRate_5\tab float\tab NO\tab\tab 0\tab\par
spellcooldown_5\tab int(11)\tab NO\tab\tab -1\tab\par
spellcategory_5\tab int(10) unsigned\tab NO\tab\tab 0\tab\par
spellcategorycooldown_5\tab int(11)\tab NO\tab\tab -1\tab\par
bonding\tab tinyint(3) unsigned\tab NO\tab\tab 0\tab\par
description\tab varchar(255)\tab NO\tab\tab\tab\par
PageText\tab int(10) unsigned\tab NO\tab\tab 0\tab\par
LanguageID\tab int(10) unsigned\tab NO\tab\tab 0\tab\par
PageMaterial\tab int(10) unsigned\tab NO\tab\tab 0\tab\par
startquest\tab int(10) unsigned\tab NO\tab\tab 0\tab\par
lockid\tab int(10) unsigned\tab NO\tab\tab 0\tab\par
Material\tab int(11)\tab NO\tab\tab 0\tab\par
sheath\tab int(10) unsigned\tab NO\tab\tab 0\tab\par
RandomProperty\tab int(10) unsigned\tab NO\tab\tab 0\tab\par
RandomSuffix\tab int(10) unsigned\tab NO\tab\tab 0\tab\par
block\tab int(10) unsigned\tab NO\tab\tab 0\tab\par
itemset\tab int(10) unsigned\tab NO\tab\tab 0\tab\par
MaxDurability\tab int(10) unsigned\tab NO\tab\tab 0\tab\par
area\tab int(10) unsigned\tab NO\tab\tab 0\tab\par
Map\tab int(10)\tab NO\tab\tab 0\tab\par
BagFamily\tab int(10)\tab NO\tab\tab 0\tab\par
TotemCategory\tab int(10)\tab NO\tab\tab 0\tab\par
socketColor_1\tab int(10)\tab NO\tab\tab 0\tab\par
socketContent_1\tab int(10)\tab NO\tab\tab 0\tab\par
socketColor_2\tab int(10)\tab NO\tab\tab 0\tab\par
socketContent_2\tab int(10)\tab NO\tab\tab 0\tab\par
socketColor_3\tab int(10)\tab NO\tab\tab 0\tab\par
socketContent_3\tab int(10)\tab NO\tab\tab 0\tab\par
socketBonus\tab int(10)\tab NO\tab\tab 0\tab\par
GemProperties\tab int(10)\tab NO\tab\tab 0\tab\par
RequiredDisenchantSkill\tab int(10)\tab NO\tab\tab -1\tab\par
ArmorDamageModifier\tab float\tab NO\tab\tab 0\tab\par
Duration\tab int(11)\tab NO\tab\tab 0\tab\par
ItemLimitCategory\tab smallint(6)\tab NO\tab\tab 0\tab\par
ScriptName\tab varchar(100)\tab NO\tab\tab\tab\par
DisenchantID\tab int(10) unsigned\tab NO\tab\tab 0\tab\par
FoodType\tab tinyint(3) unsigned\tab NO\tab\tab 0\tab\par
minMoneyLoot\tab int(11) unsigned\tab NO\tab\tab 0\tab\par
maxMoneyLoot\tab int(11) unsigned\tab NO\tab\tab 0\tab\par
\par
Description of the fields\par
entry\par
The ID of the item. This ID is unique between all templates.\par
class\par
The class of the item:\par
ID\tab  Name\par
0\tab  Consumable\par
1\tab  Container\par
2\tab  Weapon\par
3\tab  Gem\par
4\tab  Armor\par
5\tab  Reagent\par
6\tab  Projectile\par
7\tab  Trade Goods\par
8\tab  Generic(OBSOLETE)\par
9\tab  Recipe\par
10\tab  Money(OBSOLETE)\par
11\tab  Quiver\par
12\tab  Quest\par
13\tab  Key\par
14\tab  Permanent(OBSOLETE)\par
15\tab  Miscellaneous\par
subclass\par
The subclass of the item. The following table lists all available subclass and class combinations and the subclass name.\par
Class ID\tab  Subclass ID\tab  Subclass Name\tab  Comments\par
0\tab  0\tab  Consumable\tab  Usability in combat is decided by the spell assigned.\par
0\tab  1\tab  Potion\tab\par
0\tab  2\tab  Elixir\tab\par
0\tab  3\tab  Flask\tab\par
0\tab  4\tab  Scroll\tab\par
0\tab  5\tab  Food & Drink\tab\par
0\tab  6\tab  Item Enhancement\tab\par
0\tab  7\tab  Bandage\tab\par
0\tab  8\tab  Other\tab\par
1\tab  0\tab  Bag\tab\par
1\tab  1\tab  Soul Bag\tab\par
1\tab  2\tab  Herb Bag\tab\par
1\tab  3\tab  Enchanting Bag\tab\par
1\tab  4\tab  Engineering Bag\tab\par
1\tab  5\tab  Gem Bag\tab\par
1\tab  6\tab  Mining Bag\tab\par
1\tab  7\tab  Leatherworking Bag\tab\par
2\tab  0\tab  Axe\tab  One handed\par
2\tab  1\tab  Axe\tab  Two handed\par
2\tab  2\tab  Bow\tab\par
2\tab  3\tab  Gun\tab\par
2\tab  4\tab  Mace\tab  One handed\par
2\tab  5\tab  Mace\tab  Two handed\par
2\tab  6\tab  Polearm\tab\par
2\tab  7\tab  Sword\tab  One handed\par
2\tab  8\tab  Sword\tab  Two handed\par
2\tab  9\tab  Obsolete\tab\par
2\tab  10\tab  Staff\tab\par
2\tab  11\tab  Exotic\tab\par
2\tab  12\tab  Exotic\tab\par
2\tab  13\tab  Fist Weapon\tab\par
2\tab  14\tab  Miscellaneous\tab  (Blacksmith Hammer, Mining Pick, etc.)\par
2\tab  15\tab  Dagger\tab\par
2\tab  16\tab  Thrown\tab\par
2\tab  17\tab  Spear\tab\par
2\tab  18\tab  Crossbow\tab\par
2\tab  19\tab  Wand\tab\par
2\tab  20\tab  Fishing Pole\tab\par
3\tab  0\tab  Red\tab\par
3\tab  1\tab  Blue\tab\par
3\tab  2\tab  Yellow\tab\par
3\tab  3\tab  Purple\tab\par
3\tab  4\tab  Green\tab\par
3\tab  5\tab  Orange\tab\par
3\tab  6\tab  Meta\tab\par
3\tab  7\tab  Simple\tab\par
3\tab  8\tab  Prismatic\tab\par
4\tab  0\tab  Miscellaneous\tab\par
4\tab  1\tab  Cloth\tab\par
4\tab  2\tab  Leather\tab\par
4\tab  3\tab  Mail\tab\par
4\tab  4\tab  Plate\tab\par
4\tab  5\tab  Buckler(OBSOLETE)\tab\par
4\tab  6\tab  Shield\tab\par
4\tab  7\tab  Libram\tab\par
4\tab  8\tab  Idol\tab\par
4\tab  9\tab  Totem\tab\par
5\tab  0\tab  Reagent\tab\par
6\tab  0\tab  Wand(OBSOLETE)\tab\par
6\tab  1\tab  Bolt(OBSOLETE)\tab\par
6\tab  2\tab  Arrow\tab\par
6\tab  3\tab  Bullet\tab\par
6\tab  4\tab  Thrown(OBSOLETE)\tab\par
7\tab  0\tab  Trade Goods\tab\par
7\tab  1\tab  Parts\tab\par
7\tab  2\tab  Explosives\tab\par
7\tab  3\tab  Devices\tab\par
7\tab  4\tab  Jewelcrafting\tab\par
7\tab  5\tab  Cloth\tab\par
7\tab  6\tab  Leather\tab\par
7\tab  7\tab  Metal & Stone\tab\par
7\tab  8\tab  Meat\tab\par
7\tab  9\tab  Herb\tab\par
7\tab  10\tab  Elemental\tab\par
7\tab  11\tab  Other\tab\par
7\tab  12\tab  Enchanting\tab\par
8\tab  0\tab  Generic(OBSOLETE)\tab\par
9\tab  0\tab  Book\tab\par
9\tab  1\tab  Leatherworking\tab\par
9\tab  2\tab  Tailoring\tab\par
9\tab  3\tab  Engineering\tab\par
9\tab  4\tab  Blacksmithing\tab\par
9\tab  5\tab  Cooking\tab\par
9\tab  6\tab  Alchemy\tab\par
9\tab  7\tab  First Aid\tab\par
9\tab  8\tab  Enchanting\tab\par
9\tab  9\tab  Fishing\tab\par
9\tab  10\tab  Jewelcrafting\tab\par
10\tab  0\tab  Money(OBSOLETE)\tab\par
11\tab  0\tab  Quiver(OBSOLETE)\tab\par
11\tab  1\tab  Quiver(OBSOLETE)\tab\par
11\tab  2\tab  Quiver\tab  Can hold arrows\par
11\tab  3\tab  Ammo Pouch\tab  Can hold bullets\par
12\tab  0\tab  Quest\tab\par
13\tab  0\tab  Key\tab\par
13\tab  1\tab  Lockpick\tab\par
14\tab  0\tab  Permanent\tab\par
15\tab  0\tab  Junk\tab\par
15\tab  1\tab  Reagent\tab\par
15\tab  2\tab  Pet\tab\par
15\tab  3\tab  Holiday\tab\par
15\tab  4\tab  Other\tab\par
15\tab  5\tab  Mount\tab\par
unk0\par
name\par
The item's name that will be displayed.\par
displayid\par
The model ID of the item. Each model has its own icon assigned so this field controls both the model appearance and the icon.\par
Quality\par
The quality of the item:\par
ID\tab  Color\tab  Quality\par
0\tab  Grey\tab  Poor\par
1\tab  White\tab  Common\par
2\tab  Green\tab  Uncommon\par
3\tab  Blue\tab  Rare\par
4\tab  Purple\tab  Epic\par
5\tab  Orange\tab  Legendary\par
6\tab  Red\tab  Artifact\par
Flags\par
Bitmask field that contains flags that the item has on it. As all other such fields, just add the flags together to combine them. Possible flags are listed below.\par
Flag\tab  Comments\par
1\tab  Soulbound\par
2\tab  Conjured\par
4\tab  Lootable (can be opened by right-click)\par
8\tab  Wrapped\par
32\tab  Totem\par
64\tab  Activatable with right-click\par
256\tab  Wrapper\par
1024\tab  Gifts\par
2048\tab  Item is party loot and can be looted by all\par
8192\tab  Charter (Arena or Guild)\par
32768\tab  PvP reward item\par
524288\tab  Unique equipped (player can only have one equipped at the same time)\par
4194304\tab  Throwable (for tooltip ingame)\par
8388608\tab  Special Use\par
BuyCount\par
The size of the item stack when sold by vendors. Also if a vendor has limited copies of this item available, everytime the vendor list is refreshed (See npc_vendor.incrtime), the number of copies increases by this number.\par
BuyPrice\par
The price required to pay to buy this item from a vendor, in copper.\par
SellPrice\par
The price that the vendor will pay you for the item when you sell it and if it is possible to be sold, in copper. Put in 0 if the item cannot be sold to a vendor.\par
InventoryType\par
In what slot the item can be equipped.\par
ID\tab  Slot Name\tab  ID\tab  Slot Name\par
0\tab  Non equipable\tab  15\tab  Ranged\par
1\tab  Head\tab  16\tab  Back\par
2\tab  Neck\tab  17\tab  Two-Hand\par
3\tab  Shoulder\tab  18\tab  Bag\par
4\tab  Shirt\tab  19\tab  Tabard\par
5\tab  Chest\tab  20\tab  Robe\par
6\tab  Waist\tab  21\tab  Main hand\par
7\tab  Legs\tab  22\tab  Off hand\par
8\tab  Feet\tab  23\tab  Holdable (Tome)\par
9\tab  Wrists\tab  24\tab  Ammo\par
10\tab  Hands\tab  25\tab  Thrown\par
11\tab  Finger\tab  26\tab  Ranged right\par
12\tab  Trinket\tab  27\tab  Quiver\par
13\tab  Weapon\tab  28\tab  Relic\par
14\tab  Shield\tab\tab\par
AllowableClass\par
Bitmask controlling which classes can use this item. Add ids together to combine class possibilities. Use -1 if all classes can use it.\par
Value\tab Name\par
1\tab Warrior\par
2\tab Paladin\par
4\tab Hunter\par
8\tab Rogue\par
16\tab Priest\par
32\tab Death Knight\par
64\tab Shaman\par
128\tab Mage\par
256\tab Warlock\par
1024\tab Druid\par
AllowableRace\par
Bitmask controlling which races can use this item. Add ids together to combine race possibilities. Use -1 for all races.\par
Value\tab Name\par
1\tab Human\par
2\tab Orc\par
4\tab Dwarf\par
8\tab Night Elf\par
16\tab Undead\par
32\tab Tauren\par
64\tab Gnome\par
128\tab Troll\par
512\tab Blood Elf\par
1024\tab Draenei\par
ItemLevel\par
Base item level.\par
RequiredLevel\par
Required level the player has to be to use this item.\par
RequiredSkill\par
The skill required to use this item. See SkillLine.dbc\par
RequiredSkillRank\par
The required skill rank the player needs to have to use this item.\par
requiredspell\par
The required spell that the player needs to have to use this item.\par
requiredhonorrank\par
The honor rank the player needs to have to use this item.\par
RequiredCityRank\par
RequiredReputationFaction\par
The faction template ID (from Faction.dbc) of the faction that the player has to have a certain ranking with.\par
RequiredReputationRank\par
The rank the player has to have with the faction from RequiredReputationFaction.\par
ID\tab  Rank\par
0\tab  Hated\par
1\tab  Hostile\par
2\tab  Unfriendly\par
3\tab  Neutral\par
4\tab  Friendly\par
5\tab  Honored\par
6\tab  Revered\par
7\tab  Exalted\par
maxcount\par
Maximum number of copies of this item a player can have. Use 0 for infinite.\par
stackable\par
The number of copies of this item that can be stacked in the same slot.\par
ContainerSlots\par
If the item is a bag, this field controls the number of slots the bag has.\par
StatsCount\par
The number of stats used for this item. Only the first n stats are used.\par
stat_type\par
The type of stat to modify.\par
ID\tab  Stat Type\par
0\tab  ITEM_MOD_MANA\par
1\tab  ITEM_MOD_HEALTH\par
3\tab  ITEM_MOD_AGILITY\par
4\tab  ITEM_MOD_STRENGTH\par
5\tab  ITEM_MOD_INTELLECT\par
6\tab  ITEM_MOD_SPIRIT\par
7\tab  ITEM_MOD_STAMINA\par
12\tab  ITEM_MOD_DEFENSE_SKILL_RATING\par
13\tab  ITEM_MOD_DODGE_RATING\par
14\tab  ITEM_MOD_PARRY_RATING\par
15\tab  ITEM_MOD_BLOCK_RATING\par
16\tab  ITEM_MOD_HIT_MELEE_RATING\par
17\tab  ITEM_MOD_HIT_RANGED_RATING\par
18\tab  ITEM_MOD_HIT_SPELL_RATING\par
19\tab  ITEM_MOD_CRIT_MELEE_RATING\par
20\tab  ITEM_MOD_CRIT_RANGED_RATING\par
21\tab  ITEM_MOD_CRIT_SPELL_RATING\par
22\tab  ITEM_MOD_HIT_TAKEN_MELEE_RATING\par
23\tab  ITEM_MOD_HIT_TAKEN_RANGED_RATING\par
24\tab  ITEM_MOD_HIT_TAKEN_SPELL_RATING\par
25\tab  ITEM_MOD_CRIT_TAKEN_MELEE_RATING\par
26\tab  ITEM_MOD_CRIT_TAKEN_RANGED_RATING\par
27\tab  ITEM_MOD_CRIT_TAKEN_SPELL_RATING\par
28\tab  ITEM_MOD_HASTE_MELEE_RATING\par
29\tab  ITEM_MOD_HASTE_RANGED_RATING\par
30\tab  ITEM_MOD_HASTE_SPELL_RATING\par
31\tab  ITEM_MOD_HIT_RATING\par
32\tab  ITEM_MOD_CRIT_RATING\par
33\tab  ITEM_MOD_HIT_TAKEN_RATING\par
34\tab  ITEM_MOD_CRIT_TAKEN_RATING\par
35\tab  ITEM_MOD_RESILIENCE_RATING\par
36\tab  ITEM_MOD_HASTE_RATING\par
37\tab  ITEM_MOD_EXPERTISE_RATING\par
stat_value\par
The value to change the stat type to.\par
dmg_min\par
The minimum damage of the item.\par
dmg_max\par
The maximum damage of the item.\par
dmg_type\par
The damage type that the item uses.\par
ID\tab  Damage Type\par
0\tab  Physical\par
1\tab  Holy\par
2\tab  Fire\par
3\tab  Nature\par
4\tab  Frost\par
5\tab  Shadow\par
6\tab  Arcane\par
armor\par
The armor value of the item.\par
holy_res\par
Holy resistance.\par
fire_res\par
Fire resistance.\par
nature_res\par
Nature resistance.\par
frost_res\par
Frost resistance.\par
shadow_res\par
Shadow resistance.\par
arcane_res\par
Arcane resistance.\par
delay\par
The time in milliseconds between successive hits.\par
ammo_type\par
The type of ammunition the item uses. Arrows = 2; Bullets = 3\par
RangedModRange\par
spellid\par
The spell ID of the spell that the item can cast or trigger.\par
spelltrigger\par
The type of trigger for the spell.\par
ID\tab  Trigger Type\par
0\tab  Use\par
1\tab  On Equip\par
2\tab  Chance on Hit\par
4\tab  Soulstone\par
5\tab  Use with no delay\par
6\tab  Learn spell if spellid_1 = 55884\par
spellcharges\par
The number of times that the item can cast the spell. If 0, then infinite charges are possible. If negative, then after the number of charges is depleted, the item is deleted as well. If positive, then the item is not deleted after all the charges are spent.\par
spellppmRate\par
The proc per minute rate controlling how often the spell is triggered (if #spelltrigger == 2).\par
spellcooldown\par
The cooldown in milliseconds for the specific spell controlling how often the spell can be used. Use -1 to use the default spell cooldown.\par
spellcategory\par
The category that the spell is in.\par
spellcategorycooldown\par
The cooldown time in milliseconds that is applied to all other spells in the category that the triggered spell is also in. Use -1 to use the default spell cooldown.\par
bonding\par
The bonding for the item.\par
ID\tab  Bonding Type\par
1\tab  Binds when picked up\par
2\tab  Binds when equipped\par
3\tab  Binds when used\par
4\tab  Quest item\par
description\par
The description that appears in orange letters at the bottom of the item tooltip.\par
PageText\par
The ID referring to the text that the item will show (if it is a book or a letter, etc). The item will have a magnifying glass cursor in the game and will show the text when right-clicked. See page_text.entry\par
LanguageID\par
The language that the item text is written in.\par
ID\tab Name\par
1\tab Orcish\par
2\tab Darnassian\par
3\tab Taurahe\par
6\tab Dwarvish\par
7\tab Common\par
8\tab Demonic\par
9\tab Titan\par
10\tab Thalassian\par
11\tab Draconic\par
12\tab Kalimag\par
13\tab Gnomish\par
14\tab Troll\par
33\tab Gutterspeak\par
35\tab Draenei\par
36\tab Zombie\par
37\tab Gnomish Binary\par
38\tab Goblin Binary\par
PageMaterial\par
The background texture that appears in the page text window.\par
ID\tab Name\par
1\tab Parchment\par
2\tab Stone\par
3\tab Marble\par
4\tab Silver\par
5\tab Bronze\par
6\tab Valentine\par
7\tab Illidan\par
startquest\par
The ID of the quest that this item will start if right-clicked. See quest_template.entry\par
lockid\par
The lock entry ID that this item (which serves as a key) is tied to. This field is used in key-door mechanics. See Lock.dbc\par
Material\par
The material that the item is made of. The value here affects the sound that the item makes when moved. Use -1 for consumable items like food, reagents, etc.\par
ID\tab  Material\par
1\tab  Metal\par
2\tab  Wood\par
3\tab  Liquid\par
4\tab  Jewelry\par
5\tab  Chain\par
6\tab  Plate\par
7\tab  Cloth\par
8\tab  Leather\par
sheath\par
Controls how the item is put away on the character (pressing the 'Z' hotkey).\par
ID\tab  Type\tab  Position\par
1\tab  Two Handed Weapon\tab  Diagonally accross the back pointing down\par
2\tab  Staff\tab  Diagonally accross the back poiting up\par
3\tab  One Handed\tab  To the side\par
4\tab  Shield\tab  On the back in the middle\par
5\tab  Enchanter's Rod\tab\par
6\tab  Off hand\tab  On the other side of One Handed\par
RandomProperty\par
The number in this field points to item_enchantment_template.entry and ties in an item's chance at having a random property attached to it when it shows up for the first time. This field and the RandomSuffix field CANNOT both have non-zero values. Either one is filled, or the other. Also, the primary source for the number in this field are WDBs.\par
RandomSuffix\par
The number in this field points to item_enchantment_template.entry and ties in an item's chance at having a random suffix attached to it when it shows up for the first time. This field and the RandomProperty field CANNOT both have non-zero values. Either one is filled, or the other. Also, the primary source for the number in this field are WDBs.\par
block\par
If the item is a shield, the block chance of the shield.\par
itemset\par
The ID of the item set that this item belongs to. To save you some time, you CAN NOT make up new item sets. Item sets are defined in ItemSet.dbc\par
MaxDurability\par
The maximum durability of this item.\par
area\par
The zone ID that this item can be used in.\par
Map\par
The map ID that this item can be used in.\par
BagFamily\par
If the item is a bag, this field is a bitmask controlling what types of items can be put in this bag. You can combine different types by adding up the bit numbers.\par
ID\tab  Bag Family Mask\par
0\tab  None\par
1\tab  Arrows\par
2\tab  Bullets\par
4\tab  Soul Shards\par
8\tab  Leatherworking Supplies\par
32\tab  Herbs\par
64\tab  Enchanting Supplies\par
128\tab  Engineering Supplies\par
256\tab  Keys\par
512\tab  Gems\par
1024\tab  Mining Supplies\par
TotemCategory\par
Corresponds to the ID in TotemCategory.dbc.\par
ID\tab  Category Name\par
1\tab  TC_SKINNING_SKIFE\par
2\tab  TC_EARTH_TOTEM\par
3\tab  TC_AIR_TOTEM\par
4\tab  TC_FIRE_TOTEM\par
5\tab  TC_WATER_TOTEM\par
6\tab  TC_COPPER_ROD\par
7\tab  TC_SILVER_ROD\par
8\tab  TC_GOLDEN_ROD\par
9\tab  TC_TRUESILVER_ROD\par
10\tab  TC_ARCANITE_ROD\par
11\tab  TC_MINING_PICK\par
12\tab  TC_PHILOSOPHERS_STONE\par
13\tab  TC_BLACKSMITH_HAMMER\par
14\tab  TC_ARCLIGHT_SPANNER\par
15\tab  TC_ GYROMATIC_MA\par
21\tab  TC_MASTER_TOTEM\par
41\tab  TC_FEL_IRON_ROD\par
62\tab  TC_ADAMANTITE_ROD\par
63\tab  TC_ETERNIUM_ROD\par
socketColor\par
The color of the socket that can be placed in this item.\par
ID\tab  Color\par
1\tab  Meta\par
2\tab  Red\par
4\tab  Yellow\par
8\tab  Blue\par
socketContent\par
socketBonus\par
GemProperties\par
The value here corresponds to the ID in GemProperties.dbc.\par
RequiredDisenchantSkill\par
The required proficiency in disenchanting that the player needs to have to be able to disenchant this item.\par
ArmorDamageModifier\par
Duration\par
The duration of the item in seconds. If positive, it is the duration measured in ingame time. If negative, it is the duration measured in real time.\par
ItemLimitCategory\par
ScriptName\par
The name of the script that the item should use. There is no 'internalitemhandler' or 'internalitemhanler' script so mangos will ignore any such values in this field.\par
DisenchantID\par
The disenchant loot template ID. See disenchant_loot_template.entry\par
FoodType\par
If this item is a food type item, this field defines what type of food it is for hunters who want to feed their pets. It controls in what diet this food item falls in.\par
NOTE: Raw meat and fish is not the same as regular meat and fish. It seems that the last two types of diets include grey "poor" types of food that players have no use for but some pets seem to be able to eat. Also, those food types appeared in TBC so most likely only TBC pets will have those types of diets.\par
ID\tab  Type\par
1\tab  Meat\par
2\tab  Fish\par
3\tab  Cheese\par
4\tab  Bread\par
5\tab  Fungus\par
6\tab  Fruit\par
7\tab  Raw Meat\par
8\tab  Raw Fish\par
minMoneyLoot\par
If the item is a container that can contain money, then this field defines the minimum coinage held in this container, in copper.\par
maxMoneyLoot\par
If the item is a container that can contain money, then this field defines the maximum coinage held in this container, in copper.\par
}
 