{\rtf1\ansi\deff0{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Calibri;}}
{\*\generator Msftedit 5.41.21.2510;}\viewkind4\uc1\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\lang9\f0\fs22 Quest template\par
Contents [hide]\par
1 entry\par
2 Method\par
3 ZoneOrSort\par
4 SkillOrClass\par
5 MinLevel\par
6 QuestLevel\par
7 Type\par
8 RequiredClasses\par
9 RequiredRaces\par
10 RequiredSkillValue\par
11 RepObjectiveFaction\par
12 RepObjectiveValue\par
13 RequiredMinRepFaction\par
14 RequiredMinRepValue\par
15 RequiredMaxRepFaction\par
16 RequiredMaxRepValue\par
17 SuggestedPlayers\par
18 LimitTime\par
19 QuestFlags\par
20 SpecialFlags\par
21 CharTitleId\par
22 PlayersSlain\par
23 BonusTalents\par
24 PrevQuestId\par
25 NextQuestId\par
26 ExclusiveGroup\par
27 NextQuestInChain\par
28 RewXPId\par
29 SrcItemId\par
30 SrcItemCount\par
31 SrcSpell\par
32 Title\par
33 Details\par
34 Objectives\par
35 OfferRewardText\par
36 RequestItemsText\par
37 EndText\par
38 ObjectiveText\par
39 ReqItemId\par
40 ReqItemCount\par
41 ReqSourceID\par
42 ReqSourceCount\par
43 ReqCreatureOrGOId\par
44 ReqCreatureOrGOCount\par
45 ReqSpellCast\par
46 RewChoiceItemId, RewChoiceItemCount\par
47 RewItemId, RewItemCount\par
48 RewRepFaction, RewRepValue\par
49 RewHonorableKills\par
50 RewOrReqMoney\par
51 RewMoneyMaxLevel\par
52 RewSpell\par
53 RewSpellCast\par
54 RewMailTemplateId\par
55 RewMailDelaySecs\par
56 PointMapId\par
57 PointX\par
58 PointY\par
59 PointOpt\par
60 DetailsEmote\par
61 CompleteEmote\par
62 OfferRewardEmote\par
63 StartScript\par
64 CompleteScript\par
65 Examples\par
Back to world database list of tables.\par
\par
The `quest_template` table\par
Contains all basic definitions of quests available.\par
\par
Structure\par
Field\tab Type\tab Null\tab Key\tab Default\tab Extra\par
entry\tab int(10) unsigned\tab NO\tab PRI\tab 0\tab\par
Method\tab tinyint(3)\tab NO\tab\tab 2\tab\par
ZoneOrSort\tab smallint(6)\tab NO\tab\tab 0\tab\par
SkillOrClass\tab smallint(6)\tab NO\tab\tab 0\tab\par
MinLevel\tab tinyint(3) unsigned\tab NO\tab\tab 0\tab\par
QuestLevel\tab tinyint(3) unsigned\tab NO\tab\tab 0\tab\par
Type\tab smallint(5) unsigned\tab NO\tab\tab 0\tab\par
RequiredRaces\tab smallint(5)\tab NO\tab\tab 0\tab\par
RequiredSkillValue\tab smallint(5) unsigned\tab NO\tab\tab 0\tab\par
RepObjectiveFaction\tab smallint(5) unsigned\tab NO\tab\tab 0\tab\par
RepObjectiveValue\tab mediumint(9)\tab NO\tab\tab 0\tab\par
RequiredMinRepFaction\tab mediumint(5) unsigned\tab NO\tab\tab 0\tab\par
RequiredMinRepValue\tab mediumint(9)\tab NO\tab\tab 0\tab\par
RequiredMaxRepFaction\tab mediumint(5) unsigned\tab NO\tab\tab 0\tab\par
RequiredMaxRepValue\tab mediumint(9)\tab NO\tab\tab 0\tab\par
SuggestedPlayers\tab mediumint(3) unsigned\tab NO\tab\tab 0\tab\par
LimitTime\tab int(10)\tab NO\tab\tab 0\tab\par
QuestFlags\tab smallint(5) unsigned\tab NO\tab\tab 0\tab\par
SpecialFlags\tab tinyint(3) unsigned\tab NO\tab\tab 0\tab\par
CharTitleId\tab tinyint(3) unsigned\tab NO\tab\tab 0\tab\par
PlayersSlain\tab tinyint(3) unsigned\tab NO\tab\tab 0\tab\par
BonusTalents\tab tinyint(3) unsigned\tab NO\tab\tab 0\tab\par
PrevQuestId\tab mediumint(9)\tab NO\tab\tab 0\tab\par
NextQuestId\tab mediumint(9)\tab NO\tab\tab 0\tab\par
ExclusiveGroup\tab mediumint(9)\tab NO\tab\tab 0\tab\par
NextQuestInChain\tab mediumint(8)\tab NO\tab\tab 0\tab\par
RewXPId\tab tinyint(3)\tab NO\tab\tab 0\tab\par
SrcItemId\tab mediumint(8) unsigned\tab NO\tab\tab 0\tab\par
SrcItemCount\tab tinyint(3)\tab NO\tab\tab 0\tab\par
SrcSpell\tab mediumint(8)\tab NO\tab\tab 0\tab\par
Title\tab text\tab YES\tab\tab\tab\par
Details\tab text\tab YES\tab\tab\tab\par
Objectives\tab text\tab YES\tab\tab\tab\par
OfferRewardText\tab text\tab YES\tab\tab\tab\par
RequestItemsText\tab text\tab YES\tab\tab\tab\par
EndText\tab text\tab YES\tab\tab\tab\par
ObjectiveText1\tab text\tab YES\tab\tab\tab\par
ObjectiveText2\tab text\tab YES\tab\tab\tab\par
ObjectiveText3\tab text\tab YES\tab\tab\tab\par
ObjectiveText4\tab text\tab YES\tab\tab\tab\par
ReqItemId1\tab mediumint(8) unsigned\tab NO\tab\tab 0\tab\par
ReqItemId2\tab mediumint(8) unsigned\tab NO\tab\tab 0\tab\par
ReqItemId3\tab mediumint(8) unsigned\tab NO\tab\tab 0\tab\par
ReqItemId4\tab mediumint(8) unsigned\tab NO\tab\tab 0\tab\par
ReqItemCount1\tab smallint(5) unsigned\tab NO\tab\tab 0\tab\par
ReqItemCount2\tab smallint(5) unsigned\tab NO\tab\tab 0\tab\par
ReqItemCount3\tab smallint(5) unsigned\tab NO\tab\tab 0\tab\par
ReqItemCount4\tab smallint(5) unsigned\tab NO\tab\tab 0\tab\par
ReqSourceId1\tab mediumint(8)\tab NO\tab\tab 0\tab\par
ReqSourceId2\tab mediumint(8)\tab NO\tab\tab 0\tab\par
ReqSourceId3\tab mediumint(8)\tab NO\tab\tab 0\tab\par
ReqSourceId4\tab mediumint(8)\tab NO\tab\tab 0\tab\par
ReqSourceCount1\tab smallint(5)\tab NO\tab\tab 0\tab\par
ReqSourceCount2\tab smallint(5)\tab NO\tab\tab 0\tab\par
ReqSourceCount3\tab smallint(5)\tab NO\tab\tab 0\tab\par
ReqSourceCount4\tab smallint(5)\tab NO\tab\tab 0\tab\par
ReqCreatureOrGOId1\tab mediumint(9)\tab NO\tab\tab 0\tab\par
ReqCreatureOrGOId2\tab mediumint(9)\tab NO\tab\tab 0\tab\par
ReqCreatureOrGOId3\tab mediumint(9)\tab NO\tab\tab 0\tab\par
ReqCreatureOrGOId4\tab mediumint(9)\tab NO\tab\tab 0\tab\par
ReqCreatureOrGOCount1\tab int(10) unsigned\tab NO\tab\tab 0\tab\par
ReqCreatureOrGOCount2\tab smallint(5) unsigned\tab NO\tab\tab 0\tab\par
ReqCreatureOrGOCount3\tab smallint(5) unsigned\tab NO\tab\tab 0\tab\par
ReqCreatureOrGOCount4\tab smallint(5) unsigned\tab NO\tab\tab 0\tab\par
ReqSpellCast1\tab mediumint(8) unsigned\tab NO\tab\tab 0\tab\par
ReqSpellCast2\tab mediumint(8)\tab NO\tab\tab 0\tab\par
ReqSpellCast3\tab mediumint(8)\tab NO\tab\tab 0\tab\par
ReqSpellCast4\tab mediumint(8)\tab NO\tab\tab 0\tab\par
RewChoiceItemId1\tab mediumint(8) unsigned\tab NO\tab\tab 0\tab\par
RewChoiceItemId2\tab mediumint(8) unsigned\tab NO\tab\tab 0\tab\par
RewChoiceItemId3\tab mediumint(8) unsigned\tab NO\tab\tab 0\tab\par
RewChoiceItemId4\tab mediumint(8) unsigned\tab NO\tab\tab 0\tab\par
RewChoiceItemId5\tab mediumint(8) unsigned\tab NO\tab\tab 0\tab\par
RewChoiceItemId6\tab mediumint(8) unsigned\tab NO\tab\tab 0\tab\par
RewChoiceItemCount1\tab smallint(5) unsigned\tab NO\tab\tab 0\tab\par
RewChoiceItemCount2\tab smallint(5) unsigned\tab NO\tab\tab 0\tab\par
RewChoiceItemCount3\tab smallint(5) unsigned\tab NO\tab\tab 0\tab\par
RewChoiceItemCount4\tab smallint(5) unsigned\tab NO\tab\tab 0\tab\par
RewChoiceItemCount5\tab smallint(5) unsigned\tab NO\tab\tab 0\tab\par
RewChoiceItemCount6\tab smallint(5) unsigned\tab NO\tab\tab 0\tab\par
RewItemId1\tab mediumint(8) unsigned\tab NO\tab\tab 0\tab\par
RewItemId2\tab mediumint(8) unsigned\tab NO\tab\tab 0\tab\par
RewItemId3\tab mediumint(8) unsigned\tab NO\tab\tab 0\tab\par
RewItemId4\tab mediumint(8) unsigned\tab NO\tab\tab 0\tab\par
RewItemCount1\tab smallint(5) unsigned\tab NO\tab\tab 0\tab\par
RewItemCount2\tab smallint(5) unsigned\tab NO\tab\tab 0\tab\par
RewItemCount3\tab smallint(5) unsigned\tab NO\tab\tab 0\tab\par
RewItemCount4\tab smallint(5) unsigned\tab NO\tab\tab 0\tab\par
RewRepFaction1\tab smallint(5)\tab NO\tab\tab 0\tab\par
RewRepFaction2\tab smallint(5)\tab NO\tab\tab 0\tab\par
RewRepFaction3\tab smallint(5)\tab NO\tab\tab 0\tab\par
RewRepFaction4\tab smallint(5)\tab NO\tab\tab 0\tab\par
RewRepFaction5\tab smallint(5)\tab NO\tab\tab 0\tab\par
RewRepValue1\tab mediumint(9)\tab NO\tab\tab 0\tab\par
RewRepValue2\tab mediumint(9)\tab NO\tab\tab 0\tab\par
RewRepValue3\tab mediumint(9)\tab NO\tab\tab 0\tab\par
RewRepValue4\tab mediumint(9)\tab NO\tab\tab 0\tab\par
RewRepValue5\tab mediumint(9)\tab NO\tab\tab 0\tab\par
RewHonorableKills\tab int(11)\tab NO\tab\tab 0\tab\par
RewOrReqMoney\tab int(11)\tab NO\tab\tab 0\tab\par
RewMoneyMaxLevel\tab int(10) unsigned\tab NO\tab\tab 0\tab\par
RewSpell\tab mediumint(8) unsigned\tab NO\tab\tab 0\tab\par
RewSpellCast\tab mediumint(8) unsigned\tab NO\tab\tab 0\tab\par
RewMailTemplateId\tab mediumint(8) unsigned\tab NO\tab\tab 0\tab\par
RewMailDelaySecs\tab int(11) unsigned\tab NO\tab\tab 0\tab\par
PointMapId\tab smallint(5) unsigned\tab NO\tab\tab 0\tab\par
PointX\tab float\tab NO\tab\tab 0\tab\par
PointY\tab float\tab NO\tab\tab 0\tab\par
PointOpt\tab mediumint(8)\tab NO\tab\tab\tab\par
DetailsEmote1\tab smallint(5) unsigned\tab NO\tab\tab 0\tab\par
DetailsEmote2\tab smallint(5) unsigned\tab NO\tab\tab 0\tab\par
DetailsEmote3\tab smallint(5) unsigned\tab NO\tab\tab 0\tab\par
DetailsEmote4\tab smallint(5) unsigned\tab NO\tab\tab 0\tab\par
IncompleteEmote\tab smallint(5) unsigned\tab NO\tab\tab 0\tab\par
CompleteEmote\tab smallint(5) unsigned\tab NO\tab\tab 0\tab\par
OfferRewardEmote1\tab smallint(5) unsigned\tab NO\tab\tab 0\tab\par
OfferRewardEmote2\tab smallint(5) unsigned\tab NO\tab\tab 0\tab\par
OfferRewardEmote3\tab smallint(5) unsigned\tab NO\tab\tab 0\tab\par
OfferRewardEmote4\tab smallint(5) unsigned\tab NO\tab\tab 0\tab\par
StartScript\tab mediumint(8) unsigned\tab NO\tab\tab 0\tab\par
CompleteScript\tab mediumint(8) unsigned\tab NO\tab\tab 0\tab\par
\par
entry\par
Quest Id. Quest ID is the Primary Key for the Table. Each Quest ID must be unique!\par
Method\par
Accepted values: 0, 1 or 2. If value = 0 then Quest is autocompleted (skip objectives/details).\par
ZoneOrSort\par
This field defines under what category the quest falls in the quest log.\par
If value > 0 then value is Zone IDs taken from AreaTable.dbc.\par
if value < 0 then (-value) is quest sort id: (in general profession or class quests. Also see RequiredSkillValue ) Value is ID from QuestSort.dbc. QuestSort.dbc\par
SkillOrClass\par
This field defines any specific skill or class requirements for the quest to be available for a character.\par
If value > 0 then value is a skill ID (see SkillLine.dbc)\par
If value < 0 then (-value) is class ID (see ChrClasses.dbc)\par
MinLevel\par
Minimum level required to get the quest.\par
QuestLevel\par
Level of quest. Player recieves full experience amount only if their level is less than or equal to QuestLevel+5\par
Type\par
These values are ID taken from QuestInfo.dbc\par
Value\tab Type\par
1\tab Group\par
21\tab Life\par
41\tab PvP\par
62\tab Raid\par
81\tab Dungeon\par
82\tab World Event\par
83\tab Legendary\par
84\tab Escort\par
85\tab Heroic\par
88\tab Raid (10)\par
89\tab Raid (25)\par
RequiredClasses\par
Class required to get the quest. 0 means available for all classes. Field's value is a decimal value that must be transform to a 8 bits binary in order to be understandable. In binary form, each different bit represent a different class. They're assigned as follow :\par
Class\par
These values are 2^ID taken from ChrClasses.dbc\par
Value\tab Name\par
1\tab Warrior\par
2\tab Paladin\par
4\tab Hunter\par
8\tab Rogue\par
16\tab Priest\par
32\tab Death Knight\par
64\tab Shaman\par
128\tab Mage\par
256\tab Warlock\par
1024\tab Druid\par
RequiredRaces\par
Races required to get the quest. 0 means available for all races. Field's value is a decimal value that must be transform to a 8 bits binary in order to be understandable. In binary form, each different bit represent a different race. They're assigned as follow :\par
Race\par
These values are 2^ID taken from ChrRaces.dbc\par
Value\tab Name\par
1\tab Human\par
2\tab Orc\par
4\tab Dwarf\par
8\tab Night Elf\par
16\tab Undead\par
32\tab Tauren\par
64\tab Gnome\par
128\tab Troll\par
512\tab Blood Elf\par
1024\tab Draenei\par
Examples\par
0,1791 = All Races\par
690 (2 + 16 + 32 + 128 + 512) = Horde Quest\par
1101 (1 + 4 + 8 + 64 + 1024) = Alliance Quest\par
RequiredSkillValue\par
Player skill value requirement for skill if in ZoneOrSort field < 0 and have some from skill related values.\par
RepObjectiveFaction\par
Faction ID for an objective to achieve a certain reputation value with. See Faction.dbc\par
RepObjectiveValue\par
Reputation value that the player must achieve with the faction in RepObjectiveFaction as part of the quest objectives.\par
RequiredMinRepFaction\par
Faction ID for reputation requirement. See Faction.dbc\par
RequiredMinRepValue\par
Players must have this reputation or higher in order to receive the quest. Reputation\par
RequiredMaxRepFaction\par
The Faction ID for the faction that controls the maximum reputation value that the player can have and still get the quest. See Faction.dbc\par
RequiredMaxRepValue\par
The maximum reputation value that the player can have with a faction and still get the quest. If the player has more reputation than the value in this field, the quest will not be able to be taken anymore. Reputation\par
SuggestedPlayers\par
Info about how many players should do unite for the quest.\par
LimitTime\par
Time in seconds that the player has to complete this quest.\par
QuestFlags\par
This flag field defines more specifically the type of quest it is. Aside from the daily flag and sharable flag, this field is used just for grouping purposes and NOT for any other quest requirements. The quest requirements are calculated from non-zero values in other quest template fields. Also, while some of these flags are known, others have yet an unknown purpose and the comments below is simply guesswork on them.\par
At the moment (rev 6055), the core does not actually handle these flags any differently (again, except for the daily flag and the sharable flag).\par
Bit\tab  Name\tab  Comments\par
0\tab  QUEST_FLAGS_NONE\tab  No flags, so no groups assigned to this quest.\par
1\tab  QUEST_FLAGS_STAY_ALIVE\tab  If the player dies, the quest is failed. (?)\par
2\tab  QUEST_FLAGS_EVENT\tab  Escort quests or any other event-driven quests. If player in party, all players that can accept this quest will receive confirmation box to accept quest.\par
4\tab  QUEST_FLAGS_EXPLORATION\tab  Involves the activation of an areatrigger.\par
8\tab  QUEST_FLAGS_SHARABLE\tab  Allows the quest to be shared with other players.\par
16\tab  QUEST_FLAGS_NONE2\tab  Unknown at this time and not used.\par
32\tab  QUEST_FLAGS_EPIC\tab  Epic class quests (hunter) (??)\par
64\tab  QUEST_FLAGS_RAID\tab  Raid or similiar player group needed for quest.\par
128\tab  QUEST_FLAGS_TBC\tab  Added with or after TBC.\par
256\tab  QUEST_FLAGS_UNK2\tab  Quest needs extra non-objective items dropped (eg. ReqSourceID fields) (?)\par
512\tab  QUEST_FLAGS_HIDDEN_REWARDS\tab  Item and monetary rewards are hidden in the initial quest details page and in the quest log but will appear once ready to be rewarded.\par
1024\tab  QUEST_FLAGS_UNK4\tab  Unknown at this time.\par
2048\tab  QUEST_FLAGS_TBC_RACES\tab  Blood elf/draenei starting zone quests.\par
4096\tab  QUEST_FLAGS_DAILY\tab  Daily repeatable quests (only flag that the core applies specific behavior for)\par
8192\tab  QUEST_FLAGS_UNK5\tab  Grizzly Hills PvP daily? Puts PvP-tag on? No idea.)\par
Like all flag based fields, QuestFlags can be added for the different types of quest.\par
SpecialFlags\par
This field is a bitmask and controls only two extra requirements and has only 4 possible values.\par
0: No extra requirements\par
1: Makes the quest repeatable.\par
2: Makes the quest only completable by some external event (an entry in areatrigger_involvedrelation, spell effect quest complete or an entry in spell_scripts with command 7 as some examples)\par
3: Both repeatable and completable only through an external event\par
CharTitleId\par
The title the character will receive upon completion of the quest. See CharTitles.dbc\par
PlayersSlain\par
BonusTalents\par
PrevQuestId\par
if value > 0: Contains the previous quest id, that must be completed before this quest can be started.\par
If value < 0: Contains the parent quest id, that must be active before this quest can be started.\par
See the examples section for examples.\par
NextQuestId\par
If value > 0: Contains the next quest id, if PrevQuestId of that quest is not sufficient.\par
If value < 0: Contains the sub quest id, if PrevQuestId of that quest is not sufficient. If quest have many alternative next quests (class specific quests lead from single not class specific quest) field PrevQuestId in next quests can used for setting this dependence.\par
See the examples section for examples.\par
ExclusiveGroup\par
if ExclusiveGroup > 0\par
Allows to define a group of quests of which only one may be chosen and completed. E.g. if from quests 1200, 1201 and 1202 only one should be allowed to be chosen, insert 1200 into ExclusiveGroup of all 3 quests.\par
if ExclusiveGroup < 0\par
Allows to define a group of quests of which all must be completed and rewarded to start next quest. E.g. if quest 1000 dependent from one of quests 1200, 1201 and 1202 and all this quests have same negative exclusive group then all this quest must be completed and rewarded before quest 1000 can be started.\par
See the examples section for examples.\par
NextQuestInChain\par
The quest entry from a creature or gameobject that ends a quest and starts a new one. The result is, that if you end the quest, the new quest instantly appears from the quest giver.\par
See the examples section for examples.\par
RewXPId\par
This field controls the experience given at the end of a quest. Its values are taken from QuestXP.dbc; The ID ranges from 1 to 11 and the amount of xp given depends on the quest's level.\par
SrcItemId\par
Item's ID given by the quest giver at beginning of the quest. Items will be deleted when quest is abandoned.\par
SrcItemCount\par
Amount of items given.\par
SrcSpell\par
Spell casted on player when quest is started. Can be a buff or a learning spell.\par
Title\par
Title of the quest.\par
Details\par
The quest text. You can use certain placeholders that will be filled in in-game: $B - line break, $N - name, $R - race, $C - class, $Gmale:female; (male and female can be replace with any synonymn you want, but the order must stay the same. IE: boy:girl / man:woman / sir:madam / dude:chick)\par
Objectives\par
Objectives of the quest. If empty, quest is an auto-complete quest that can be immediately finished without accepting it first.\par
OfferRewardText\par
First text send to the player by the NPC when completing the quest. You can use certain placeholders that will be filled in in-game: $B - line break, $N - name, $R - race, $C - class, $Gmale:female; (male and female can be replace with any synonymn you want, but the order must stay the same. IE: boy:girl / man:woman / sir:madam / dude:chick)\par
RequestItemsText\par
Text sent to player when the player tries to talk to the NPC with the quest active but incomplete. (The text under the "Progress" title in Wowhead.) You can use certain placeholders that will be filled in in-game: $B - line break, $N - name, $R - race, $C - class, $Gmale:female; (male and female can be replace with any synonymn you want, but the order must stay the same. IE: boy:girl / man:woman / sir:madam / dude:chick)\par
EndText\par
Used only when SpecialFlags 2 is active. This is the objective text sent to the player describing the external event that is required to complete the quest.\par
ObjectiveText\par
Used to define non-standard objective texts, that show up in the questlog. Example, "Heal fallen warrior" and the number gets added by Count values.\par
ReqItemId\par
Item_template Id of required item to complete the quest.\par
ReqItemCount\par
Amount of required items\par
ReqSourceID\par
Item ID that is needed indirectly by the quest. For example, the quests asks for item X but the only way to get item X is by activating item Y; however, item Y is also a quest item. Therefore you set item Y's ID in this field. This requirement will not appear in the quest text, it is just for the core to know when to drop a quest item that isn't in the ReqItemID field but is still needed by the quest.\par
ReqSourceCount\par
The maximum number of copies of the item in ReqSourceID that can be picked up (and dropped by the core).\par
ReqCreatureOrGOId\par
Value > 0: required creature_template ID the player needs to kill/cast on in order to complete the quest.\par
Value < 0: required gameobject_template ID the player needs to cast on in order to complete the quest.\par
If ReqSpellCast is != 0, the objective is to cast on target, else kill.\par
NOTE: If ReqSpellCast is != 0 and the spell has effects Send Event or Quest Complete, this field may be left empty.\par
ReqCreatureOrGOCount\par
The number of times the creature or gameobject must be killed or casted upon.\par
ReqSpellCast\par
Spell ID of Spell that needs to be cast in order to fulfill a quest objective. A spell normally needs a target which is ReqCreatureOrGOId\par
And for spells with "SpellEffect with ImpliciteTargetA-B == 38" check table Spell_script_target\par
NOTE: If the spell has spell effects Send Event or Quest Complete, it can be entered here WITHOUT the need for a target and count.\par
RewChoiceItemId, RewChoiceItemCount\par
Id of item available for reward choice.\par
Number of Charges in rewarded item available.\par
\par
RewItemId, RewItemCount\par
Number of RewItem\par
item Id given for reward (no choice).\par
RewRepFaction, RewRepValue\par
Faction Id (from Faction.dbc) for which the quest give reputation points.\par
Number of gain or lost reputation points for Faction at quest completion. This is special reputation rewarding. Normal reputation reward to quest rewarding creature faction calculated and added automatically.\par
RewHonorableKills\par
Number of honorable kill honor rewarded for completing this quest.\par
Example: An example value is 15 for quest 8388: At level 70 an honorable kill is 20.9 honor worth. Multiply this with 15 and you receive 313.5, after the multiplication the value is rounded up. So the honor rewarded at level 70 is 314 for this quest.\par
RewOrReqMoney\par
Money earned by completing the quest (if value > 0). Money quest requirement (if value < 0).\par
RewMoneyMaxLevel\par
The money a character at level 70 would get when they complete this quest. This field also controls the XP given as the XP is calculated from the value in this field by the following formula. If the quest is repeatable, XP will be given only once. The total XP that a character will receive is also affected by the level difference between the character's level and the quest's level. \par
\par
The formula for calculating XP from the value in this field:\par
QuestLevel >= 65: XP = RewMoneyMaxLevel / 6.0\par
QuestLevel == 64: XP = RewMoneyMaxLevel / 4.8\par
QuestLevel == 63: XP = RewMoneyMaxLevel / 3.6\par
QuestLevel == 62: XP = RewMoneyMaxLevel / 2.4\par
QuestLevel == 61: XP = RewMoneyMaxLevel / 1.2\par
QuestLevel <= 60: XP = RewMoneyMaxLevel / 0.6\par
RewSpell\par
Spell that is shown to be casted on quest completion in the quest log. Note that this spell will NOT be casted if RewSpellCast is non-zero. The spell in the other field will be casted instead, in which case the spell here only serves as the visual in the quest log.\par
NOTE: This field comes straight from the WDB and should not be changed.\par
RewSpellCast\par
Spell that will always be casted at player when completing the quest. This can be learn spell and player learned some spell in result, or buff spell, for example. If this field is non-zero then this spell will ALWAYS be casted and the spell in RewSpell will not.\par
NOTE: This field comes straight from the WDB and should not be changed.\par
RewMailTemplateId\par
If the quest gives as a reward an item from a possible list of items, the ID here corresponds to the proper loot template in quest_mail_loot_template. According to the rules in that loot template, items "looted" will be sent by mail at the completion of the quest.\par
RewMailDelaySecs\par
How many seconds to wait until the mail is sent to the character that turned in a quest rewarding items from a loot template defined in RewMailTemplateId\par
PointMapId\par
MapId of a quest point of interest (POI - Point Of Interest). POI will be shown on the map when quest is active.\par
PointX\par
X coordinate of quest POI.\par
PointY\par
Y coordinate of quest POI.\par
PointOpt\par
DetailsEmote\par
CompleteEmote\par
Emote played by the related NPC at the time all quest objects are completed.\par
OfferRewardEmote\par
Emote played by the NPC at the time the character is rewarded for the quest.\par
StartScript\par
ID of the start script. See quest_start_scripts.id\par
CompleteScript\par
ID of the end script. See quest_end_scripts.id\par
Examples\par
\par
The "rules of engagement" dealing with quests\par
1. Always use PrevQuestId before using NextQuestId. NextQuestId is considered optional and to be used only when PrevQuestId is not sufficient\par
\par
Basic quest\par
Single, stand-alone quest with no prerequisites\par
    *questA*\par
PrevQuestId = 0        NextQuestId = 0        ExclusiveGroup = 0        NextQuestInChain = 0        entry = questA\par
When this quest require another quest to be rewarded\par
    *questA*\par
PrevQuestId = questX   NextQuestId = 0        ExclusiveGroup = 0        NextQuestInChain = 0        entry = questA\par
Chain of quests\par
Player get quests in a strict chain that must be completed in a specific order.\par
    *questA*\par
        |\par
    *questB*\par
        |\par
    *questC*\par
        |\par
    *questD*\par
PrevQuestId = 0        NextQuestId = 0        ExclusiveGroup = 0        NextQuestInChain = questB    entry = questA\par
PrevQuestId = questA   NextQuestId = 0        ExclusiveGroup = 0        NextQuestInChain = questC    entry = questB\par
PrevQuestId = questB   NextQuestId = 0        ExclusiveGroup = 0        NextQuestInChain = questD    entry = questC\par
PrevQuestId = questC   NextQuestId = 0        ExclusiveGroup = 0        NextQuestInChain = 0         entry = questD\par
Chain of quests with multiple start quests.\par
Player should only be allowed to complete one of three possible\par
    *questA*     *questB*    *questC*\par
        \\           |           /\par
          ------ *questD* -----\par
                    |\par
                 *questE*\par
PrevQuestId = 0        NextQuestId = questD   ExclusiveGroup = questA   NextQuestInChain = questD    entry = questA\par
PrevQuestId = 0        NextQuestId = questD   ExclusiveGroup = questA   NextQuestInChain = questD    entry = questB\par
PrevQuestId = 0        NextQuestId = questD   ExclusiveGroup = questA   NextQuestInChain = questD    entry = questC\par
PrevQuestId = 0        NextQuestId = 0        ExclusiveGroup = 0        NextQuestInChain = questE    entry = questD\par
PrevQuestId = questD   NextQuestId = 0        ExclusiveGroup = 0        NextQuestInChain = 0         entry = questE\par
\par
Chain of quests with multiple start quests.\par
Player must complete all three initial quests before D becomes available\par
    *questA*    *questB*    *questC*\par
        \\          |          /\par
         ------ *questD* -----\par
                   |\par
                *questE*\par
PrevQuestId = 0        NextQuestId = questD   ExclusiveGroup = -questA    NextQuestInChain = questD    entry = questA\par
PrevQuestId = 0        NextQuestId = questD   ExclusiveGroup = -questA    NextQuestInChain = questD    entry = questB\par
PrevQuestId = 0        NextQuestId = questD   ExclusiveGroup = -questA    NextQuestInChain = questD    entry = questC\par
PrevQuestId = 0        NextQuestId = 0        ExclusiveGroup = 0          NextQuestInChain = questE    entry = questD\par
PrevQuestId = questD   NextQuestId = 0        ExclusiveGroup = 0          NextQuestInChain = 0         entry = questE\par
\par
Quests with split and a child quest\par
Completing A unlocks B and C that can be done at the same time. They both need to be completed before D becomes available. X is needed to obtain item for C and this quest should only be available if C is active\par
                *questA*\par
                /        \\\par
           *questB     *questC* - *questX*\par
                \\        /\par
                *questD*\par
PrevQuestId = 0        NextQuestId = 0        ExclusiveGroup = 0         NextQuestInChain = 0        entry = questA\par
PrevQuestId = questA   NextQuestId = questD   ExclusiveGroup = -questB   NextQuestInChain = 0        entry = questB\par
PrevQuestId = questA   NextQuestId = questD   ExclusiveGroup = -questB   NextQuestInChain = 0        entry = questC\par
PrevQuestId = -questC  NextQuestId = 0        ExclusiveGroup = 0         NextQuestInChain = 0        entry = questX\par
PrevQuestId = 0        NextQuestId = 0        ExclusiveGroup = 0         NextQuestInChain = 0        entry = questD\par
\par
Multiple quest chains, leading to one final quest\par
Player may complete (not required to) X, but has to complete all three quest chains before final quest becomes available\par
                *questX*\par
                   |\par
    *questA*    *questC*    *questE*\par
       |           |            |\par
    *questB*    *questD*    *questF*\par
       \\           |           /\par
         ------ *questG* -----\par
PrevQuestId = 0        NextQuestId = 0         ExclusiveGroup = 0          NextQuestInChain = questC    entry = questX\par
\par
PrevQuestId = 0        NextQuestId = 0         ExclusiveGroup = 0          NextQuestInChain = questB    entry = questA\par
PrevQuestId = questA   NextQuestId = questG    ExclusiveGroup = -questB    NextQuestInChain = 0         entry = questB\par
PrevQuestId = 0        NextQuestId = 0         ExclusiveGroup = 0          NextQuestInChain = questD    entry = questC\par
PrevQuestId = questC   NextQuestId = questG    ExclusiveGroup = -questB    NextQuestInChain = 0         entry = questD\par
PrevQuestId = 0        NextQuestId = 0         ExclusiveGroup = 0          NextQuestInChain = questF    entry = questE\par
PrevQuestId = questE   NextQuestId = questG    ExclusiveGroup = -questB    NextQuestInChain = 0         entry = questF\par
\par
PrevQuestId = 0        NextQuestId = 0         ExclusiveGroup = 0          NextQuestInChain = 0         entry = questG\par
\par
Complicated\par
Player must first complete A, then B to unlock the chain from C to E. Three other quests in a group will also be unlocked, those can be done at the same time. The three grouped quests must all be completed before I becomes available. Completion of E and I is required to obtain the final quest.\par
                *questA*\par
                   |\par
                *questB*\par
              /          \\\par
          *questC*     *questF*\par
             |         *questG*\par
          *questD*     *questH*\par
             |            |\par
          *questE*     *questI*\par
             \\           /\par
                *questJ*\par
PrevQuestId = 0        NextQuestId = 0         ExclusiveGroup = 0          NextQuestInChain = questB    entry = questA\par
PrevQuestId = questA   NextQuestId = 0         ExclusiveGroup = 0          NextQuestInChain = 0         entry = questB\par
\par
PrevQuestId = questB   NextQuestId = 0         ExclusiveGroup = 0          NextQuestInChain = questD    entry = questC\par
PrevQuestId = questC   NextQuestId = 0         ExclusiveGroup = 0          NextQuestInChain = questE    entry = questD\par
PrevQuestId = questD   NextQuestId = questJ    ExclusiveGroup = -questE    NextQuestInChain = 0         entry = questE\par
\par
PrevQuestId = questB   NextQuestId = questI    ExclusiveGroup = -questF    NextQuestInChain = 0         entry = questF\par
PrevQuestId = questB   NextQuestId = questI    ExclusiveGroup = -questF    NextQuestInChain = 0         entry = questG\par
PrevQuestId = questB   NextQuestId = questI    ExclusiveGroup = -questF    NextQuestInChain = 0         entry = questH\par
\par
PrevQuestId = 0        NextQuestId = questJ    ExclusiveGroup = -questE    NextQuestInChain = 0         entry = questI\par
\par
PrevQuestId = 0        NextQuestId = 0         ExclusiveGroup = 0          NextQuestInChain = 0         entry = questJ\par
\par
Impossible - many quests may unlock many\par
Player can choose between two alternative chains (Chain A or B, but not both chains). A2 or B2 should unlock C, D and E when complete. When all three complete, F should be unlocked. If player get A3 or B3 after complete F, depends on if chain A or B was chosen.\par
                *questA1*           *questB1*\par
                    |                   |\par
                *questA2*           *questB2*\par
                    \\                  /\par
                     ---- *questC* ----\par
                          *questD*\par
                          *questE*\par
                             |\par
                          *questF*\par
                         /        \\\par
                    *questA3*   *questB3*\par
PrevQuestId = 0        NextQuestId = 0         ExclusiveGroup = 0          NextQuestInChain = questA2   entry = questA1\par
PrevQuestId = questA1  NextQuestId = 0         ExclusiveGroup = 0          NextQuestInChain = 0         entry = questA2\par
\par
PrevQuestId = 0        NextQuestId = 0         ExclusiveGroup = 0          NextQuestInChain = questB2   entry = questB1\par
PrevQuestId = questB1  NextQuestId = 0         ExclusiveGroup = 0          NextQuestInChain = 0         entry = questB2\par
\par
PrevQuestId = 0        NextQuestId = questF    ExclusiveGroup = -questC    NextQuestInChain = 0         entry = questC\par
PrevQuestId = 0        NextQuestId = questF    ExclusiveGroup = -questC    NextQuestInChain = 0         entry = questD\par
PrevQuestId = 0        NextQuestId = questF    ExclusiveGroup = -questC    NextQuestInChain = 0         entry = questE\par
\par
PrevQuestId = 0        NextQuestId = 0         ExclusiveGroup = 0          NextQuestInChain = 0         entry = questF\par
\par
PrevQuestId = questF   NextQuestId = 0         ExclusiveGroup = 0          NextQuestInChain = 0         entry = questA3\par
PrevQuestId = questF   NextQuestId = 0         ExclusiveGroup = 0          NextQuestInChain = 0         entry = questB3\par
Note: if player can choose between chain A or B may be determined by faction status (aldor or scryer), using ReqMinRepFaction = 1. Player should not be able to be neutral+1 with both at the same time. This may be the common threshold to obtain aldor or scryer quests (this is unsure). If that is the case, only the unlock of C, D and E after complete A2 _or_ B2 is the impossible part.\par
}
 